So far I'm very pleased with this product.  I think that the few negative comments have been made by people who don't understand the science of sampling and data collection.  They don't realize that with any device used for measurements, there will always be a sampling error.  They think if the device doesn't record the same result every time then there's a problem with the machine.  Yes, you can place the probe into soil at different locations in the same pot or garden area and it may record slightly different readings, say maybe 6 at one spot and 6.5 at another.  But for the price of this device, it is very accurate.  Also, many comments were made that they inserted the probe into a glass of water and it didn't read "wet", when the instructions clearly say not to do this.  There were comments made about the probe being a weak spot in the device, and would break off.  Yeah.... If you try to use this as a pick axe or a fence post.  You're not supposed to beat it into the ground with a sledge hammer.  It is a delicate instrument and should be treated as such.  Some people, in their reviews, imply that they stick the probe into the soil and leave it there as a permanent fixture, which you can't do.  If you treat this instrument with respect, gently insert it into the soil (without a hammer please) and then wipe off the steel probe with a cloth or even your hand, it seems to work perfectly.  And, as the directions state, don't insert it into a cup of water to test it.  If you want to test it for accuracy, insert the probe into a bundle of dry peat moss or potting soil, take the recording, and then add various amounts of water to the soil and retest.  Record the results you get and then you will have a guide as to what it means when the probe registers say, "5 - moderate moisture", or "9 - very wet", or "2 - very dry".  I think this is a great little instrument and an excellent value, and comes with a warranty.  I just received an email from the company reminding me that it has an 18 month warranty and to contact them if I have any issues.  I am a professional Mechanical Engineer as well as a practicing physician, with a hobby growing some exotic plants.  I think this is a great little instrument, with good accuracy, and not any more delicate than I would expect.  The price is great on Amazon, with free delivery, good communication from the seller and with a good warranty.  Definitely would recommend to my friends and buy again.
I have 3 moisture meters. This is my favorite. I can use it one handed (which makes it quicker when watering my 60+ house plants), and there is just one probe (it goes in easily and comes out without flicking a bunch of dirt).The fancy green one has a list of plants and the number the plant should be at but it takes forever to scroll through my favorites the get at the plant I need. If I had fewer plants or fewer types of plants then maybe I would appreciate that feature...but in a world where time is limited I rather just memorize the plant's number and have my water in one hand and my meter in the other.The only thing I would caution you on with all meters are the suggested moisture levels. Cross check their info with other sources (the plants tag, online, the nursery where you bought it (unless it is a spontaneous buy at your grocery store which is where half of my plants have come from).Regardless of which meter you get, you should definitely get one. It has saved me numerous times from over watering what looked like a thirsty plant.
Have you bought new plants and someone at the nursery or on the internets tell you to water once a week or two weeks? Well, guess what, your plants don't dry out on a schedule like that all year round. It depends on its environment. How much light it's getting, how hot and humid its surrounding is, what kind of soil and pot it's in. If you're a total newbie or you're just really into plants even after a series of failures like I was, then you need this moisture meter! It will tell you exactly when your plants need water. It'll stop you from killing that seventh string of pearls, whose six predecessors you drowned bc you were just born to overwater. It will help you water that fiddle leaf fig you love even though it's so 2016 (It's ok. I have two.)I have this simple moisture meter and another one that measures light, moisture and pH. I have two just because I have plants scattered all throughout the house and I don't wanna walk up and down the steps to get one. They're both useful to have.
Best purchase ever and still wondering how the heck I made it this far without one? Probably killing plants that’s how! This thing works, easiest to use and read. I had always gone with the “stick your finger in the soil” method but I personally find it so wrong, the soil at the top may be super dry while the deeper soil where the roots are may be still soaked. When my moisture meter arrived I had spent a few days being tempted to water my dumb cane even though it wasn’t asking for water. I had received it from a friend like 3 weeks prior and I thought “it must be needing water by now!” But little did I know the deeper soil was still heavily moist. The pot has drainage but this is how I received it, so I left it alone and a couple of weeks later it’s still mildly moist! I would have never been able to tell without this wise little device. It’s definitely a game changer. I have a big fern in a big pot and this helps me determine if it needs water or not just great! My green-thumb friend suggested I created a schedule to water all my plants (like water them all on the 15th of the month, or the first) but I was conflicted about that. Now I know exactly when each plant needs a good drink or when I should leave it alone. Leaving it alone is the hardest part because when I started getting plants I had this disney-movie idea that I’d wake up in the morning, feed the birds and water the plants...the birds are fine, the plants? Not so much. Overwatering is how most people kill plants. Thanks to the moisture meter I can actually stop myself! It is completely accurate. I was glad I read the reviews, as most of the negative reviews say they tested in water and it didn’t work so “it must be broken”. No, it’s not, the device is specifically designed to be used in a dense soil and not to test in water. It doesn’t even work on orchids mix because it’s too chunky and there’s too many open / airy gaps in it. But all the other soil, potting mix, cactus mix etc it works perfectly fine. I highly recommend to anyone who wishes to get better at plant parenthood! I even got one for my friend who has an amazing green thumb because she was very impressed with it and told me she had a couple of plants she always had to guess about! I have about 20 plants in my home and they are all happy and thriving! If you have plants, get a moisture meter now!
I absolutely love this moisture meter. Especially for my succulents in non draining pots. It's exactly what I needed.
👎🏽So I have had this for months. But I have been watching to see if it actually works. I don’t like to rely on it solely so I always use my finger to test the soil also. Anyways, recently I noticed that on plants, that I can 100% feel their wet soil, it detects DRY. Which is crucial because if I was just going by the meter, my indoor plants would be dead. I have ALOT of expensive beautiful plants and I got the meter because I wanted to take as best care as possible of them. So this product let me down. It wasn’t just for me, it was for when I went out of town and needed someone to help me take care of my plants and not kill them lolNow I can’t return it because it’s been too long. But atleast I can 100% tell you that this is NOT reliable and you should buy a better one or just use your finger!
Love this. Tells me, instantly, whether my plants need water.  I love houseplants and have about 20, but some just don't seem to be happy no matter what I do.  With this meter, I'm learning that though the top of the soil looks moist, just beneath the surface it's very dry--no wonder the plants are struggling.  I've been using for about a week now and have started to learn which plants need daily watering, which can go longer in between.  Expecting happier, healthy plants!  (Very easy to use, just stick it in the dirt and the dial instantly tells you whether the soil is dry, moist or wet.  Remove and go to the next plant.  Easy!  I'm ordering another so that I won't have to take back and forth between my plant areas.
Tried this in all my plants, some of which I knew were dry and some of which were definitely moist, and the needle was always at 1. When I put it in a slightly moist plant, it twitched up to 2, and I thought maybe it would adjust properly, but it just stayed there (and I know that plant was higher than a 2). Then I thought maybe my plants really WERE all way drier than I thought, so I watered one heavily  and tried it again. The needle moved up to a 3--so it moved, but still thought the soil was dry, when it was in fact saturated. I tried all the things to make it work--wiped off the tip, gave it a few minutes to calibrate in each plant, did not stick it in a glass of water, etc. It's just not sensitive enough. If I followed these meter I would be drowning all my plants.
Very easy to use and read. With this meterI can easily know whether the plants grow in the most suitable environment. If not, I can do certain adjustment. Very Helpful. Will keep tracking how it works.18-month replacement warranty! Very good service considering the price.
I have around 70 houseplants and TONS of potted plants outside. I am a long time gardener and plant lover. This is a total piece of junk. Tried it in three separate plants I had just watered thoroughly. Read dry every time. Returned. Do not see the need to keep wasting my time with this product.  I did NOT stick it in a glass of water which you are warned not to. I FIRMLY believe in checking the soil for moisture with the good old "finger" test. It works every time. Yes, you can lift a pot you are used to and tell fairly well if it feels very light, but you have to know what it feels like when it is not needing water. if you are good at reading plants, some will let you know by a little wilting that you have gone too far without watering. I don't like to let them get that far if I can avoid it. I wonder if some of us who have experienced the total failure of this product have received one which someone sent back after ruining by sticking in the water? Possibly? But after this experience, I'll stick with the finger test and not bother. I didn't like the way you are pushing it down into the plants roots as well, and possibly disturbing or breaking some of them.
Great product.  I used to stick my finger in the pot to test moisture content, but this is so much better.  In addition, I also use it outside for in-ground plants.  My only gripe is that the tip keeps pulling off.  It will eventually pull off into the dirt and I will lose it.UPDATE (18 days after receipt):  Do not buy this product.  My gripe above materialized only 18 days after I received this item.  The tip just came off in a plant while I was testing for moisture.  I dug in the plant for about 10 minutes looking for the tip, but it is gone.  *** WASTE OF MONEY *** If you want to waste money by purchasing this product, send it to me instead.
I have cacti and succulents in a medium that is half pumice, half commercial succulent mix. Very gritty. This reads dry even after watering. I'm not sure if the mixture I use just doesn't conduct properly for this sensor, or if it is defective.  It does move a bit within the "dry" range but not enough to be useful.  I also don't like that I am probably damaging roots each time I test, but that is the nature of this type of sensor and not this model in particular.
I first bought a moisture meter at Pike's Nursery.  It is battery operated and it is very difficult to read when placing it in the potted plant especially one that sits on the floor.  Then I looked on Amazon and found this one. It is exactly like the one I previously had that lasted about 10 years.  It is easy to read and doesn't require batteries.  I love it.
I bought this because my house is hectic and thought it could help me keep up with my plants. This worked for about a week then would always say “dry”. I killed a few plants because they were overwatered because of this thing! I submerged the stem in a cup of water and it still reads “dry” after an hour. Don’t waste your money. I’ve started to set reminders on my phone and check moisture  with a dry chopstick.
I bought this according to all the great reviews - but I almost killed my plants. Before i decided to try this I was watering based on weight of the pot and sticking my finger in to see if it was dry - I thought this was going to be more scientific since a few of my plants were in a  'wallygrow' pot and they are mounted on a wall and hard to assess the weight method. The meter was reading moist to wet every time i went to water so I didn't water the plants - this went on for a few weeks and I became suspicious especially because the plants were browning and looking like they were dying. I went back to my old method and they seem to be doing fine now. I'm unsure if I got a defective one or if it's a piece of junk. But - just wanted to warn others.
All these brands must be made in the exact same factory with the cheapest available materials possible. Look at those 3 different "brands"...they are all the same, the one with 2 probes is different, but only because it has that additional pH probe(that also is terribly inaccurate).One thing that stood out for this product was somehow it had a very caustic chemical spilled all over the packaging. Fortunately it wasn't coming from thus product itself, and the plastic bag inside the box protected this incredibly cheap product that doesn't work.Out of the 3 moisture meters I tested this one was by far the least accurate. It said one of my planters was bone dry, so I purposely added a ton of water, enough to 100% saturate the soil and also leak out of the bottom. After this, this meters reading was a 4/10...barely in the "moist" range. Can't get any more wet that that.To be fair all of these were so cheaply made, probably the same factory, it may be a roll of the dice in terms of which brand is better than the others, I'd guess that there's a lot of variation in accuracy withing the same brand, and this one just by chance was the worst. Look elsewhere!
As soon as it arrived I tried this XLUX moisture meter and as the photos show, every single potted plants I tested show the soil as bone try, which they are most definitely not.The Sansevieria was thoroughly watered 2 days ago; the Agloanema was thoroughly watered 5 days ago;; the Haworthia was thoroughly watered 5 minutes ago (before tested with the meter); and the African violet is in a self-watering pot so the soil is always moist.  All the hassle got me a defective product, what are the odds?I am getting a replacement from Amazon but it will take another 20 days to arrive.  I really, really need it as my  Calatheas are not doing well at all and I was hoping this will help with the watering schedule.  This appears to be the best reviewed of the moister meter (at this price range) so I hope the replacement works.  Will report back.[UPDATE]  Well, the replacement came in a week, so kudos to Amazon.  However, it is defective as well, every pots are shown as 1 (bone dry) and they are not .  To make a final verdict, I set up a small pot with fresh potting mix, drenched it in water and tested it.  The dial finally moved, to 3/4, the mix is sopping wet.  I returned it again.  No more with this brand.  Hope I've better luck with another brand.
Either the meter I received was defective, or this is generally a poor product. I tested it across multiple different pots of soil, which I had added different amounts of water to. I could feel the different moisture levels with my fingers, which is how I typically test my soil, but I'm tired of getting my hands dirty. I rinsed and dried it between pots. It read multiple pots of moist soil as "dry", and read some of the VERY wet pots as only "moist". I would severely overwater my plants if I relied on this device.
Does not work. It says all my plants are a “1” (dry as can be)... even if I just watered them and the soil is soaked. Can’t believe I wasted my money on this.
Don't waste your money.  I was so excited to get this as I am really getting into succulents and thought it would be awesome to really know when they need water.  BUT, from the very first time I used it the dial didn't register anything.  ???  It was either sent broken, I got a bad one, or the darn thing doesn't work.  VERY disappointed.
I love this soil moisture meter. It's easy to use and read, especially if you have big and deep planters. No more guessing, just stick this into the pot 2/3 deep. I tend to overwater my plants so this item helps a lot. Thanks. One negative thing is don't believe the plant list on the package because dumbcane and dieffenbachia are the same plant but listed on red zone and green zone. Sanseviera aka snake plants are on green zone that's supposed to be on red zone (don't need a lot of water). So use your own judgment.UPDATED: I found another flaw on this meter. It can't detect moisture for soil mixed with 30+% pumice. The reading is always dry even the top soil is still moist. So I reduced the rating from 5 to 3 stars.
I bought this moisture meter knowing the risk that I could get a defective unit after reading reviews. I am glad to say it works, but I have reservations about accuracy and long term life. See below.So, literally, I have only had this for less than 24hrs and within the first minutes of using the meter I thought I had a defective unit. I went to my one Schefflera, and tested the soil. It read in the red “dry” zone. I was puzzled as I thought it should read moist or wet.So... like other reviews I grabbed a tall glass of water, and submerged the probe. Sure enough it only read in the dry category. At this point I was like “great, I’m sending this junk back”. Yet, I took the time to just toy around with the unit and very gently tapped the plastic head containing the meter, and I also took a soft cloth to the metal probe and cleaned it a couple times. either by coincidence or those methods helping the probe, it then started to read “10 wet” when putting the probe in a glass of water.At this point I went back to the Schefflera and it read “between 3 and 4 moist”, African violet 3 moist, my one echeveria succulent 2 dry, the money tree was at a “5 moist”, and a few others read in the “moist zone”.I then watered the Money tree as an experiment, and sure enough right after watering and probing different parts of the soil it registered “10 wet”. Back in the glass of water it also registered “10 wet”.So at this juncture, I believe the meter works and is accurate. I debated giving 3 or 4 stars as I had to actually monkey around with the meter to turn it from a “defective unit” to actually working. So at this time I will give it 4 stars due to initial use, but worry it will stop working again, and honestly I don’t know how durable it will be.In my eyes this meter will help give me a decent starting point but this meter won’t be the “law of the land”. I cannot fully trust it due to very first incident, but I believe it to have potential.
This item is the biggest piece of garbage ever put on the market. Unless you're sticking it into soft sand, it is a bunch of b*******. I bought this not even two weeks ago, and the first one is already broken. I stuck it into a plant and the tip broke right off. at 10 bucks a shot, this should be a much more sturdy product. I have purchased several over the past several months and they're all the same.
These work off a chemical reaction between the tip and the shaft. If the soil is too rocky (or anything else causing voids) the tip won't make contact with the same bit of soil as the shaft. This is also why they don't want you to leave it in the soil, it will degrade the tip and cause the unit to read less accurately.The only real remedy you have if this unit stops reading correctly is to polish the tip up with an Emory board or something. It should read like new again after that. Unless you drop it a lot. That analog gauge is sensitive.
I LOVE IT! I never new this was available! It helps me check the moisture in the plants soil with ease.  Before this tool I would forget to water my plants and water them when I noticed they're wilting or almost near dead. Now I make my rounds indoor and out, checking each plants moisture status, pretty much every other day or couple of days. I actually seen the difference after one week, plants are ACTUALLY surviving in my care now! They are so perky, and growing.  There's a ledger on the box that has plant names with a number that the moisture should be at. I follow that ledger level and it hasn't failed me. I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND this product!! Worth the money and no maintenance needed (other than wiping the probe). It makes caring for your plants TOO EASY.  As you can see, I've overwatered one of my bromeliads... so I will make sure not to water that one when I water the others. Also, I use fertilizer to keep my babies happy and healthy.  So it's not Just the meter that keeps them looking great, they do need nutrients. All these pictures were taken at the same time. I just insert it in one plant pot, pull out,  wipe and insert into another pot,  EASY PEASY LEMON SQUEEZY!!
I was very excited about this moisture meter. I had a feeling that we were overwatering some of our plants, and this tool proved my suspicion.What makes me mad is how quickly it broke. I used it about a dozen times and by that I mean, it has gone into soil about a dozen times. The tip that actually measures the moisture snapped and was left in the soil. This is an extremely poorly and cheaply made item to snap so easily. It has only been used in potted plants with pretty wet soil. I'm 5 days past the return window when this happened so I am out of luck.My suggestion is to look elsewhere for something a bit more sturdy.These moisture meters are great, if they last. It will save your plants from being overwatered, and you from wasting water, especially in this time of a historic drought here in California.I'm deeply disappointed that this item broke so quickly. Not recommended at all if you're looking for longevity.
Update: The seller’s response time was notable and they instructed me to return the defective meter via Amazon’s return service and said they’d send me a replacement. The replacement arrived today and seems to be in working order but it is inaccurate. It errors on the side of too dry which, for me, is unacceptable because I keep succulents and other plants that are very intolerant of overwatering, which this meter would have me do. So about two weeks were spent only to end up with two meters I can’t use.I got a different meter on Amazon (Gouevn) that I like better and seems way more accurate.The plant in the picture was watered recently so it wasn’t soaked but it was NOT dry either. It was moist. I think I know which meter I will be keeping.Original review:I was super excited to get this meter because I just started keeping succulents and I tent to ever water. When this arrived, I stuck it in one of my house plants and it read “Dry 1.” I knew it wasn’t that dry because I had watered earlier this morning. I tried on several other plants with varying dryness/wetness levels and it continued to read “Dry 1.” very disappointed. I contacted the seller and will update my review if/when the issue is resolved.
This moisture meter is extremely inaccurate and could leave you with root rot/dead plants. I have two hibiscus plants that like to be kept moist, so I water them often, but this meter has read “dry” even after I watered the same day. Extremely inaccurate and cannot be trusted.
I got this and immediately tested it out. Every single one of my plants showed "dry". I have around 50 house plants and succulents! I had a pot with just soil in it that I had recently removed a plant from, so I decided to thoroughly saturate the soil... like way beyond a healthy amount of water for a plant... just to test the meter to see if something was wrong with it. It moved maybe to a "3" on the scale, still in the dry range. This was regular potting soil. There is no way on earth that it was "dry". It should have registered closer to a 10! Don't waste your money on this. Sticking your finger in the soil to test it would be 100 times more accurate.
First off, let me just say I've read many of the reviews (positive and negative). I've also read the instructions and I'm not a dummy. I haven't used the product improperly and I kind of think maybe I just received one with a damaged sensor? I tried testing it in lightly moist sphagnum moss, houseplants I recently watered and are damp to the touch, etc. and the meter won't rise above a 2 in any situation. It just didn't work, idk why. I've seen YouTube videos and Instagram stories where it worked just fine so maybe I was just unlucky.
Where I live we have very pure water. If I stick the meter in a glass of water, it only reads "moist" If I add a pinch of salt in the glass the needle pegs on "wet". The reading depends more on soil salinity than moisture. All gauges of this type measure electrical potential between two types of metal in the tip of the sensor. This makes them very sensitive to dissolved salts (which include fertilizers) even more than moisture. If I wanted to track the offset between the actual moisture fluctuations in each pot relative to the meter reading, I could back calculate actual moisture in each pot... if I cared to track the correction factor for each pot and plot of soil in my yard. I'm pretty disappointed. Do research before you buy. This is a well documented problem with this type of sensor and not limited to this brand.
My first one lasted a couple of months before it stopped working... I got a second and within less than a month it stopped working well. It was really helpful when it did work but I'm surprised by how easily it breaks/ dies...Going to try out another brand.
Updates 07/24/21: Ignore my previous review.  I've had this meter for less than a month and the end just broke off leaving it useless.  I still like the concept of a moisture meter but this one is a complete waste of money.  Get a different brand.After retiring and starting to putz around the yard and garden, I thought I'd check out this moisture meter.  I couldn't figure out why many of my potted plants and flowers were dying. Well, even though the soil appeared to be dry this meter quickly showed there was sufficient moisture.  I now test every potted plant and my garden before watering.  No more over watering.  Quick, simple and easy to read.
I received this on time, but it seems to be broken or defective, or maybe it never worked in the first place. I tried it immediately and the arrow didn't move at all. I thought maybe all my plants were dry so the next morning I watered them and a few hours later tried to measure again. The arrow didn't move, even after I left it for over half an hour in the soil. Will be returning, hoping for a refund. Waste of money, I feel cheated.
Don't waste your money.  To test the devise I used it on a plant I watered the day before. Soil surface was moist to the touch!The meter moved to 2 in the red zone and didn't change after 15 minutes.  According to that reading cactus needed to be wstered.When I removed the meter and wiped the soil off with my fingers my fingers were DAMP!!!  If you have moisture sensitive plants you will kill them if you rely on this meter.
This was the first water meter I bought. I have become a plant parent via the pandemic and started collecting a variety. With so many varying watering preferences I thought have a meter to make sure a plant was dry enough to water would help me with consistency. And I thought it was working. But I decided to buy the Sonkir Soil pH Meter, MS02 3-in-1 Soil Moisture/Light/pH Tester Gardening Tool since it also has a light meter and would help make sure my plants were in adequate locations for the preferred sun exposure. I have the Sonkir and XLUX in my Money Tree. As you can see the XLUX say dry (the needle didn't even move) and the Sonkir says moist. I trust the Sonkir because the needle does move when inserted so I know it's actually measuring. And I just watered the plant today so there is no reason it should be dry. I also included a photo of a different Sonkir device in a different plant. The meter reading is slightly different so clearly accurate.
I liked the concept. I wanted it for my worm compost bin to check moisture level.  I tried it in my bin, in a moist recently watered plant, in a dry - hasn't been watered in several weeks.....and what do ya know. They all register the same.  In the dry area. I tested over several days, several diffrent situations and this thing is worthless. Sorry seller, but your item truely doesn't work.I don't usually leave bad reviews, most of the time I can find something useful about the product, but that isn't the case here, don't waste your money.
I initially got this to help me out with some succulents I purchased.  Unfortunately, the planting mix I was using is far too rocky for this to work for those.  If your mix is very rocky, I don't think soil meters are going to work for you.However, I started using this in my other houseplants and there has been a noticeable difference in how my plants look after a short time of use.  It has helped me determine a better watering schedule for all my plants, and that some of my pots were not draining.  If you are new to houseplants, or you have some houseplants that you are having trouble with, I would definitely recommend this product.
I am not a review writer but I had to come on and let everyone know how amazing this is. Like most during quarantine I picked up a plant habit. But didn’t quite understand “just stick your finger in the dirt and you’ll know when to water it”. Some plants like to be dry before watering some like to stay moist - this helps me learn and keep all 20 of my new babies happy! 10/10 recommend.Below are the plants I’ve used this on. As you can see I’ve tested in multiple different soil mediums.4 Aleo3 snake plants3 Calathea (Freddie, makoyana, Vittata)2 Pothos (golden and marble)2 spidersEnglish ivyHaworthiaDiffenbachiaPeperomiaSyngonium (neon robusta)Zz
Firstly, I believe I received a defective unit (Not reading water correctly compared to my older trusted one). I went to return this on Amazon and they quickly resolved my issues. Very happy with their customer service.I am writing this review as just an FYI. Seeing the review pictures I thought the 'base', the green section, would be a bit smaller. In my photo you can see this compared to my fist. It is just bigger than I thought for a small pot. If you are looking for a small one, this may not be the best size for you.However, I will certainly go through this seller again due to their support! With the amazing reviews, I trust I just got a bad one. Happens with every company occasionally :)
I'm really liking this moisture sensor. I've had some plants in the garden that were struggling, and I thought they needed more water, since it was over 100 degrees. But this helped me see I was overwatering (I guess the mulch was really holding water in better than I thought). After cutting back on the water, my squash and cucumbers are rebounding and looking greener and healthier. I do think, though, that it's not a great sensor for potted plants. It almost always thinks they're dry, even when the soil is moist on top. I think the soil is too airy, so it seems dry to this sensor. Also, the head is starting to wiggle just a bit, so I need to be careful not to break it by pushing it too hard in heavy soil.
I cleaned off the tip  and stuck the reader down to the roots, as mentioned in the brief instructions. Immediately, there was no change in reading (it was stuck in the dry end) and after waiting for 10 minutes, there was still no change from dry. As a result, I assumed my soil was dry and watered my plants. I am new to being a plant parent and so I only have two, one of which began dying (leaves wilting and turning brown), within the next few days. I checked the status of the soil again, after this began and still it stated that my soil was dry. I'm very unhappy with this product because I lost an $80+ plant due to this cheap product.
This is a miracle gadget that saved all of my houseplants from drowning and frying. It is easy to use as long as you understand how it works and do research on each plant. Read the box! Don't do anything stupid like testing it on hard ground or in a glass of water. Just gingerly poke it into the soil to the depth you want... an inch or two, or to root depth. If there is root resistance, change position. This is where research comes into picture. Most plants like to dry out a lot; some like their soil to be moist but not wet. Plants in smaller or terracotta pots dry out faster. I don't water my succulents unless they're in the 0-2 zone towards the bottom of the pot. I keep my spider plant happy in a ceramic pot and watering around 3-5 (or when it droops and the soil feels dry). My point is, pay attention to the culture! Wrong light and overwatering kills most plants. You can't go wrong with bright indirect light and this magic wand. I just wipe it with a Kleenex in between measurements. It reads moisture instantly by the way. Even though I am much more experienced now, I still like to use the meter. Its proof is in the dozens of healthy plants I have.
Simplicity is important and this does just what it's supposed to!  There are some meters that tell you how much light it's getting but anyone with eyes doesn't need a meter to tell them that!  This has been especially useful for making sure my finicky fiddle leaf fig doesn't have an excuse to die on me. :)  It's also been nice for my birds nest fern, which likes to be dry halfway down before getting watered again, but because it takes up most of it's pot, it would be impossible for me to get my fingers down that far in the soil to tell otherwise.It's not perfect, because it operates on electrical conductivity, so if you have too many salts in your soil that can throw it off, but it's a great tool to use in conjunction with your common sense!
AFTER A YEAR:  I had to get used to the fact that the soil consistency makes a difference as to how this measures moisture. In a sandy or coarse mix it won't detect the moisture as well so I take that into consideration. However, it has saved a few of my plants. I have an indoor tree in a very large pot that always seemed dry just from looking at the surface soil so I was always over-watering it.  With this moisture sensor I now discover it's been waterlogged down about 2 inches. No wonder it was dying. Now that I'm not over-watering it's doing much better.AFTER A FEW WEEKS: It's hard to tell if it's working as it should since my only way to check it is by sticking my finger in the soil .. but I think it works just fine! I use it on all my house plants because I don't want to over water.
I highly recommend these moisture meters. I have three stashed around my home. I purchased each one from a different seller and they're consistent in quality. It absolutely works. It makes quick work of checking on your houseplants. It's cleaner too. Initially, I was very sceptical until I saw a respected, professional gardener using one. Go for it! You won't be disappointed.Additionally, it doesn't work in a glass of water. I tried this and thought it didn't work. I did a little research and learned it needs to be soil. It has something to do with the soil resistance and/or conductivity.
I purchased this soil moisture test in April.  I used it about 5 or 6 times.  It worked great in letting me know if the ground beneath my trees was wet or dry.  I always used a screwdriver first to make a hole about 8" deep.  I then put the tester in that hole.Today, when I pulled the tester out, the sensor on the end dislodged.  No way to find it. That is very disappointing and of course, it is past the return date.I do not recommend this brand.  I will try to find a more reliable brand.
I was looking for an easy way to tell what was going on under the soil and learn how to water my plants correctly.  The top review is well written and correct.  There is some allusion in the write up to the fact this is not a stick it in, expect accuracy, and just water as needed.  I'm sure agrarian-types find this tool a phenomenon.  Me... the average "add water to seeds in milk carton" level of experience, this has no real use for me.  I was surprised by instructions... a wee more complicated than expected.  Wipe tip with rough paper... stick it in.  But not more than an hour.  But how do I know how much water to add... that was my main conundrum.  But this does not provide the magic answer.  I couldn't even get a normal read, as differences in the same pot were significantly different.  Then... oops, did I just add water while it was in soil?  Oh no, did I break it now?  A moisture reader you can't get "wet."  All the plants listed on the box of course matched zero plants I'm growing.  The bottom line is, you're just measuring, and not so accurately.  What does the information mean?  It doesn't tell me how much water to add.  Wasted money for me.  I just don't see the point for houseplants.  But I'm sure there are green thumbs I've enraged already by not knowing how to use this tool "correctly" or what I was getting into.  It's not the water babysitter and teacher the layman may assume.  Frankly, what is the need after you stick it in?  You'd have to know just what to add, and don't you know anyway?  Not for me.
I don't know why this meter gets good reviews my soil was very damp and it reads dry just like the other junk meters.
I heard about these moisture meters on one of the youtube channels I watch, and decided that for $12 its worth giving it a try. Up until buying this, I had been sticking my finger into the soil to see if it is wet or dry. (I still do that with some of my smaller plants.) But for larger plants, this item is a game changer for me. I like to let 99% of my plants dry out completely before watering them, and this meter has helped me do that. It is, however, not completely fool proof. For example, I think it is important to put this moisture meter into several different spots in one plant pot, so that you get an accurate representation of how wet or dry the soil is. So, if you only put this into the outer rim of soil on a larger plant then you might assume the whole pot is dry, when the middle might still be wet. As long as you understand this and be sure to take several different readings for those larger pots, you should be fine. 🙂 The only problem that I can see in using this is that if you have a pest in one plant, and you go sticking this meter into all of your plants, you could quickly end up with an infestation of your entire collection! To combat this, I am using Bonide Systemic granules for houseplants and Captain Jacks Dead Bug Brew spray as preventative measures. In my opinion, it's important to stay ahead of pest issues, especially if you have one item that you are using in each plant such as this.
Unfortunately, neither of these sensors work. Watered one of my houseplants and let the soil get completely saturated. Then I tested the stick and it said dry. Like, bone dry. Stuck them in a dry plant and, yeah, it said dry still, but then I filled up a glass of water and put the sticks in - nada. Said it was dry. Very disappointed.
What a great tool for us over and under-waterers. I bought two snake plants and have two dumb canes  that where’re looking too well. I needed up with root rot over watering my snake.  I received the meter and it read my reported snake was bone dry. It read my reported dumb canes were bone dry. I was concerned the meter didn’t work. Then I tested my 2nd snake plant and read moist to wet.  This was crazy since I bottom watered a week ago. My soil and pot was retaining the water.Then I went and watered my 1st snake plant and my two canes. Went back and used the meter and voila- the soil was moist.This little tool is not only fun but precise. I hope it still works after my child decided to stick it in my pot for a day*smh*
This is the WORST moisture meter I have EVER owned! I wanted a one probe meter as I have 2 two probe meters already. One is 20 years old and is as accurate as the first day I bought it! I followed the instructions to the *T" and it STILL read DRY even though my plants were just watered. The dry ones read DRY and the wet ones read DRY! And what was so HUMILIATING was I took it with me to our Senior Center Plant Club. Everybody was so EXCITED when they saw I had a "new" meter and gathered around to see how it worked. I tested my plants first... nothing. The instructor suggested testing it on other plants... NOTHING! THESE SOIL METERS ARE GARBAGE and you know it but you keep selling them...and of all places on AMAZON! You sell a lot of these because of the cheap price! We also understand WHY you have so many 5 stars...it's easy to PAY people to sit there and make them up! You don't have as many 1 stars because people find out they're JUNK and toss them in the TRASH rather than bothering with trying to send them back and writing an HONEST REVIEW like mine!
Love this XLUX T10 Soil Moisture Sensor Meter - Soil...Purchased one several months ago and loved it..Gave that one to my step-daughter and purchased a second one. Suspect my plant love it too as the meter tells me just how dry the soil is or how wet it is and I know when to water them!
Worked fine right out of the box. Grabbed it today (6 weeks later per my order history) and noticed everything was reading dry-dry-dry, even the indoor plants I watered a few days ago. Weird. So I watered everything again and decided to stick it in. Every pot kept reading dry. Waited 15-20 minutes thinking the water just needed to soak into the soil and took the time to water all my patio plants. Rechecked and everything kept reading dry. Decided to soak my outside monstera…. And it still read dry. Ended up sticking it into the watering can itself, and once again: DRY. So, less than two months later, junk.
I am extremely disappointed in this product.  My indoor basii plants thrived prior to my buying the meter.  After my first purchase of this meter, I replaced it with a 2nd one, thinking that I just had a bad moisture meter.  However, the 2nd one was even worse!  It kept registering 'Dry' so I kept adding water....but it never went past "Dry'!  Then the plants starting dying due to the overwatering caused by the moisture meter telling me that their soil was "DRY".  I then tested the meter  by placing it in a glass of water....and even after five minutes in the glass of water, it still registered "DRY."
I just tested this on all my raised beds, as well as various veggies in my greenhouse.  This thing is very accurate.Sticking a finger in an inch or so in the soil will tell you if you need water in that inch or so, but this tester gets deeper into the root zone, and that’s where you want to know the moisture content.I tested potted veggies that I knew to be dry, and the tester tested dry.  Then I tested plants that I knew for certain didn’t need water, and the tester agreed on each plant.No batteries required, either.But ... be sure to follow the directions.  Do NOT immerse in water, and also, to get an accurate measure,m be sure you stick the probe down to the root zone (or your best guess of its location).  Lastly, don’t force it in if your soil is rocky or very hard (pure, dry clay, for instance).  And wipe it clean after each time you stick into the soil.  I carried a paper towel for this.  Wipe clean when done.
We just re-landscaped our old overgrown yard. The soil was very dry from not having any sod or plants in it for several weeks, so we've been pouring water on the new plants. They kept wilting. We kept watering.Our landscape designer suggested we order a moisture meter. That's when we discovered we were OVER watering. So now, we check moisture levels before turning on the hose. This simple device may have saved us from needing to replace a lot of plants. Works indoors too.Note that the meter will only work in SOIL. It will not read in plain water, gritty/sandy/rocky succulent mix or small bark used for orchids.
Immediately began using it right from the bag, I have stepped up my patio plants into the pricey range, and wanted to be absolutely sure I was giving them the proper water as over watering can kill some of them and not enough same boat.  As I had several plants it was no problem to determine if the thing was just giving me a reading and not accurate.  I stuck it first into ones I could tell with a finger stick they were moderate in water, that is what the meter read, then I stuck it in a pot that I had let dry out waiting for my little  water gauge to arrive, it read dry.  I didn't have anything overwatered so I didn't test that one.  But based on gauge movement on the other plants and knowing their status read correctly I believe the high wet reading will work if you are new to plants and get one over watered.  It only took moments for  the reading to show.  A quick wipe of probe and on to next plant.  Very easy to read can't ask for anything else except for it to continue being a reliable way to read water levels.
This product did not work. Watered my plants night 1, meter read dry. Tested it day 2 meter read dry. Tested day 4.. meter read dry. Tried it on the soil of all my plants, different soil mix’s. One time I got it the dial to move by lifting it up and down in the soil in the same spot... still read as dry. Not sure if it was defective or just a bad product. Wouldn’t recommend.
I took a Zoom class from my county extension service on edible landscaping. The first thing they said that the most common mistakes people make are planting too closely and overwatering. Last year I bought one of these so that I knew when my plants were actually in need of water, especially the potted fruit trees. It worked really well. The color coded dial shows how moist the soil is.I use it most every day, unless it rains.The box has an extensive list of houseplants and when each needs waterLast month the sensor died. Just stopped working. I was in the warranty period so I contacted the company and 5 days later I had a new and improved sensor. I use it every day still.
I have another one, but misplaced it, and it works perfectly.  I thought I lost it, so ordered another one just like it.  Well, it registered DRY on the first 4 plants I tried it out on, and they are very moist.  Finally, on the 5th plant, the meter registered slightly moist.Many people told me they lost plants because their meters were inaccurate, but I guess my first one was an exception because it worked.My advice is don’t order this because some work and some don’t.  (I did find my original working meter).
I think I got a dud. My meter never moved past the "dry" spot. I thoroughly watered my plants and immediately started testing. The meter said dry. Then I waited a few minutes and tried again.. same thing. I waited an hour or two and tried again... notta. I tried for giggles the next day and it said my very wet plant was dry. I gave up and returned the product. However, when I first ordered it, I told my friend about my purchase. She bought one shortly after and hasn't had any issues with hers. I know it's only $10, but I expected mine to work for a least a short amount of time.
I wondered how well this would work, and really didn't expect it to work well.  Well, it works fine.  You do have to follow the directions.  Basically, you stick it into the soil, and wiggle it around a bit while watching for the meter to jump up.  When it does, you look at the reading.  Then you remove it and wipe the probe clean.  Following these directions, it reads nearly the same as the digital meter that I bought.What won't work is leaving it in the soil.  That won't lead to any sort of accurate meeting, and it'll damage the meter.  You also can't check it by putting it in water.  This isn't a humidity meter.  This meter works on the electrical potential developed by having two different metals in contact with the moist soil.  No idea how that can read moisture accurately, but it does.
I have between 20-25 indoor plants on several tables & a bookcase on my one wall in my front room. Because I don't get much light I purchased growing lights which I have shining for up to 12 hours daily on my plants. I have 12 grow lights to make sure every one of them gets a good amount of light. But I had a really hard time with knowing when to water & when not to water. Then I found this tool and I have got to tell you that it has helped tremendously!!! Just stick it into the soil and it gives you a reading as to whether I should water or just leave it alone with no water. I believe this tool, with the grow lights, has made all the difference in the world! I don't have to guess whether or not the roots are getting enough water. Now I know. You will not be disappointed buying this tool. AAA+++........
I use this meter to check the moisture content of the soil in my lawn. I've been very happy with it and feel that it is quite accurate, however, the package does not let you know what the ideal reading is for a lawn. The device reads 1-10, and the numbers are in different zones. For example, 1-3 are dry, 4-7 are moist, and 8-10 are wet. The box tells you which general zone (dry, moist, wet) different plants should be in, but it doesn't include lawns. I would even like to know the exact target number for my particular grass seed. I assume it should be in the "moist" or "wet" zones, but considering that is 4-10, I'd like a better idea of what my target # should be. With that said, I am still happy with the purchase. As long as I hit the "moist zone", my lawn looks healthy. I also like that I can test it at different depths.If the manufacturer of this product is reading the review, please add different grass varieties to the watering guide on the back of the box. Even a generic "lawn" category would be helpful. It would be cool if you broke it down even further (perhaps on a website) and gave the exact # we should be shooting for. The ranges are good, but an exact # would be ideal.Update: I just attached a picture of my lawn. It is currently green while most in my neighborhood are drought stressed. Using this device, I have been able to quickly ascertain which areas need water. My neighbor had patches of grass that looked dead or dormant. I plunged this into it, and it was completely dry. The green section next to it registered moist. The issue was that his sprinkler heads weren’t adequately distributing the water.
I bought this to help me care for my succulents. I tested it out first by watering a non-succulent plant thoroughly and then testing the soil after it drained a little. It said the soil was bone dry. If I use this on my succulents and it says the soil is dry when it isn't, I could end up overwatering. Not cool.
I'm not the best at being able to determine what my plants are telling me and usually have a heavy hand with water, so I thought this moisture meter would be perfect to help me determine when to water my plants. Unfortunately the numbers are completely random. I have included a video where I reinsert the device into the soil multiple times, which resulted in several different readings. This indicates that the one I received is inaccurate and faulty. I will update my review accordingly once I've tested a replacement.
4/15/21 I kept trying the meter to see if I could get different readings and depending on how deep I put it in the reading was a bit different.  I changed my initial rating from 2 stars to 4 but I will still be returning to see if I can find something a bit more reliable.4/14/21 I watered my plants yesterday and received my Moisture Meter today so I decided to test my soil.  The meter never left the dry setting except slightly on one of the plants.  I decided to water again today thinking maybe the plants were extra dry when I watered them yesterday but the meter never left the red area even after soaking the plants.  I don't think I'm doing anything wrong, it seems so easy to use, so I'm assuming the item is defective in some way.
We've had a lot of rain lately, but you can't always tell if the soil is still moist a few days later, especially if it's been hot and the top of the soil is dry. This has a nice long probe so you can down six inches or so to tell whether you actually need to water or not. The dial is so easy to read; no squinting needed, even when you're looking at it from above. It also comes with a list of plants and which like to be quite wet, which like moderate moisture, and which like drier soil. Finally, read the instructions. You must rub the tip with a paper towel before every use to remove oxide (which can't be seen), so you continue to get an accurate reading. My plants are so much happier now -- and I'm saving water because I'm not watering "just in case." I know which plants need water and how much.
I'm not sure if mine is broken or what but reading this thing is confusing. When I insert it into the soil it quickly shoots up to maxed out 10 - wet (and even past that!) no matter what the moisture level really is. Then it slowly starts to climb down to either dry or low moist within a minute or two. If I leave it in for 5 minutes it'll finally pick a spot and stay there, usually at the dry (3) or low moist level (4-5).2 and 3 weeks after watering my plants it still stays at wet (maxed out over the 10) when the finger test clearly indicates moist to dry. I've even pulled a plant out of the pot to check the roots because it was indicating it's still wet and the soil was not even close to wet.The only time it doesn't say 10 wet is when it's bone dry and it'll correctly read dry immediately. I would say this is not very accurate or I got a broken device.
It says everything is dry even after watering my plants. I even waited a few hours and rechecked, and waited til the next day to recheck.. still dry. It has a guide on the back of the box that says what each plant should be at.  Even my BOP that was fully saturated said it was "dry". If I gave more water based on this meter I'm afraid I'd end up with root rot. I think I'll just stick to my method of sticking my finger in the soil to check if it needs water.
I have 13 indoor plants and 5 outdoor plants that I have to keep up with watering, so this makes that task much easier. Rather than trying to water my plants on a schedule which seems to be pretty problematic as I’m a chronic overwaterer, I can now check exactly when they need to be watered. I hate sticking my finger down in the dirt of all of those plants and making a mess along the way, so this is great for a quick check of all plants in one round, just wiping off the probe in between each check. Another added bonus is the list of common plants and the moisture zones on the box! Don’t throw the box out when you get it. I can’t speak to how exactly accurate this is, but it’s definitely more accurate than jamming my finger in the dirt and disturbing my plants and their roots. It checks the depths of the soil more accurately, where it may be hard to feel past the top inch or two with your finger. If you’re worried about the accuracy, just try checking the plant in multiple places and trying to water the plant evenly across all of the soil.
This product has been working very well for me. I only bought it because I’ve been struggling with a large houseplant in a very large pot. I normally just use my finger to check the soil on my Plants and that’s good enough but this comes handy with Plants in large pots because they take much longer for the soil to dry out in the middle. This sensor is long enough to go down to the middle/bottom of the pot and get a much better reading than my finger would. When I received the sensor, my plant’s soil felt dry on top,(by using my finger) but when I stuck the sensor in twice it read in the middle (Moist), so I knew that it didn’t need to be watered. I’m very happy with this and I’ll be using it regularly! If this review helped you in any way please click on ‘helpful’ so I know. Feel free to ask questions!
I live in a studio apt and all of my plants are in a west facing window, which was fine during the summer. When winter hit, I was still watering about the same because the top of the soil was dry. Then some of the leaves started falling off of my plants and I had just purchased a fiddle leaf fig tree. This meter has saved my plants, I was way overwatering thinking they were dry because the topsoil was dry. I didn't want to take a chance of losing my fiddle leaf fig. This meter is so easy to use. On the side of the box, there is a list of plants and the zone number for each plant. When your plant reaches that number on the meter it's time to water. Very happy with my purchase and so are in my plants!
I really want to love this meter. I've become very interested in succulents and know this will be an invaluable tool...if only it worked properly!  My first one was never off "dry", so I exchanged it and this one is never on the driest "dry" reading, which is where it should be before it's placed in soil.  Sometimes it's on the third "dry" bar, sometimes the first, etc.  It never goes all the way down so I never know what my soil moisture content REALLY is.  That said, it is SO EASY to use. Just place it down deep into the soil and in a matter of seconds, you have your reading.  I WON'T GIVE UP ONIT!!!  Will follow up on number 3 when it arrives.
I’ve had several different moisture meters over the years but this one is, by far, the best! It measures only moisture (which is fine because I use a soil test for ph) but that’s really all you need. The gauge is large and extremely easy to read. I’ve overwatered before because I couldn’t read the gauge properly or the switch was set to ph (not sure how that happened) so the plant read bone dry when it wasn’t. You will not have those problems with this one. Plus, I looked at 6 different gardening sites and they all placed this meter at the top of their lists for best moisture meter. You simply can’t go wrong with this little gem. Buy it with confidence that it will serve you well. It’s been awesome for me!
Seems to be accurate based on my knowledge of about how wet various souls I tested are. I wish I had bought a product like this years ago! It is so easy to instantly tell how moist a plant is even six inches deep in the soil. I’m hoping I’ll be able to grow succulents now without killing them by watering too soon and too much! I do great with everything else but think this will even improve my other plants.I like this single print model. The double prints won’t work in tiny 2” flower pots. This does.Don’t stick the probe in fluid, only soil or you will ruin it according to directions.I hope this works for a long time!
This seems to work pretty well in my regular potting soil, however, it will not register at all in my cactus and succulent soil. Which is unfortunate because that is the main reason I bought it, to check the moisture levels in my succulent pots. I'm assuming it's because there are a lot of bits and pieces of drainage materials in there that affect the device's ability to read the moisture levels. Who knows. I know it's not defective because it works fine when I check my foliage plants that are in normal potting soil like my pothos, fittonia, and polka dot plants. So if you're buying this to check your succulents, be warned that if you're using a cactus/succulent/gritty mix, this most likely will not work.
Meter came with reading already a tad off.  I used it once and it jumped to middle position "moist" which made me happy it actually might work.  But, next day it was still on "moist".  I then put it into a cup of water and it didn't move at all.  This meter did not work for me, I'm returning it.  It was an Amazon Choice item so I trusted it, but oh well.  I'll look for the next meter once I get credit back.
This monitor is extremely easy to use and read. I've been a gardener for many years in the Pacific NW but now live in SE Arizona so I'm on a new and steep learning curve. I plant almost all natives to the area so they are all new to me. Water is critical here and although many plants don't need as much water as those I've been used to, they still need to be monitored to make sure I'm not giving them too much or too little. This tool is just a poke in the ground, quick look at the dial, pull out of the soil and wipe off before using on the next plant. Seconds are all in takes but the information is just what I need. I am very happy with this purchase.
This moisture meter is easy to use - all you need is a paper towel or rag to wipe off the probe between moisture readings.  You need to remember to save the box because printed on the box is the range of acceptable moisture levels for various types of plants.  There are no batteries required (at this time I have not used the meter long enough to know what the battery life is). That would be my only caveat because once the battery dies you need to replace the meter.
I have purchased a few meters over the years and this is now the one I use most of the time. The Rapitest with cord is good for hard to reach plants but it's hard to read the LCD screen and it uses button cells and you have to fuss with it to use it. The last No battery type I bought was useless to me, I think it was only working intermittently or was just junk. I finally decided to try again and read a LOT of reviews and finally just liked the looks of it. I have 50 plus house plants and they are all sensitive to over or under watering. I think most plants are. Cactus can easily be killed with too much and I can't tell any other way in a crowded pot. Very pleased with the meter. Are they all good, who knows? I should have bought 2.
I bought this as I'm preparing to travel for work for a couple months and am leaving my significant other in charge of my large and diverse houseplant collection. I figured this way I could use the meter for a couple weeks and find what the readings are when I water each plant and just leave him a list specifying what the reading should be before watering each plant in hopes I won't come home and find all my plants swimming like last time I was away for a month. Not sure how that's going to go, but at least the device works correctly. Also, the probe helps aerate the soil of my plants, which can only help.
I have close to 60 houseplants. This is such a simple and effective gadget, don’t know how I managed without it - this really prevents me from overwatering (which is one of the worst things you can do to your plants). Just stick the probe into the soil, and it will give a reading immediately on an extremely clear and easy to understand little meter. Before you put it into the soil of your next plant, just wipe the probe with a paper towel (to get rid of any moisture). Conversely, I always find it interesting when I’m convinced my plant’s soil looks super moist, but the meter proves me wrong! If you’re into houseplants, this item really is a no-brainer.... so useful!
Good grief . . . I do not know what people are expecting from this device but, I have found it to function perfectly fine.  I use it on all of our outdoor plantings (both in-ground as well as small and larger pots).  It is lightweight while being sturdy enough to penetrate mildly firm soil.  For those individuals who place this device directly into water, I suggest they read the instructions where it clearly says not to do this.  In fact, I suggest people read various sources on how to actually use a device like this.  In summary, this device works, is lightweight, sturdy, and an excellent value.
I should have purchased a meter a long time ago, but was hesitant to do so because of accuracy and quality concerns.  Prior to this purchase, I was just using the finger method, which isn't the best way to ascertain the moisture level of your potting soil, IMHO.  Thus, I took a chance on this meter.This meter allows you to really get a reading from much deeper in your pots, the gauge quickly gives you a reading of the soil's moisture level.  I have approximately 33 houseplants, and I have used the meter on almost all of them the first day.  The meter seems to have given me accurate readings, thus far.I am really pleased so far, and would recommend this product.  Also, it does come with an 18 month warranty.
I do like this product.  We have several types of plants on our porch.  I would never know if they were adequately watered.  My husband and I would spend time arguing how much water our plants needed.I now use the XLUX soil moisture meter.  No more arguing.  We can tell instantly if the plants are too dry or too wet.Also, we had our front yard landscaped and had a sprinkler system installed that waters each plant.  By using the soil moisture meter we could tell that some  plants were not getting enough water.  We had the landscaper come out and adjust the amount of water each plant received and that solved the problem.  I am sure I would have lost some plants  without having the meter to check the water level.I would recommend purchasing this meter.
This thing was great for the money. I use this all the time to water the plants. It’s easy to read. I just follow the guide on the back of the box for each plant to water. I have a rattlesnake plant (calethea), snake plant, aloe, Norfolk pine, philodendron, pothos, zz plant, indoor fuschia, orchid, and indoor herbs. This is moisture meter makes it easy and no guessing. Everything is growing like crazy and looks great. I was not good with plants at all before I had this meter. Believe that if I can make house plant care with this thing, anyone can. I don’t give too many outstanding reviews for things.
I am someone who doesn't have a green thumb to say the least..maybe a necrotic thumb? I have killed cacti, air plants, ferns, you name it. About the only thing I can't seem to unintentionally kill is moss rose. This spring I got a great idea to completely clean up our balcony and outfit it with beautiful new plants-- ferns, hostas, purslanes, and a bunch of other things. Threw down a lot of money and within a few days my Rose of Sharon (an allegedly "extremely easy to care for" plant) was wilting. I decided it was time to order one of these meters and it's been so helpful in helping me not over or under water my new plants. My Rose of Sharon is perking up and my other plants are thriving. Totally worth the little bit of money spent!
This meter works, but I think it is best for large planters and plants that don't need precise reading. The probe, while long, is THICK. If you have a small pot (say and tiny succulent in a seed-starting pot), this thing could serious hurt the roots of the plant, because it is so big. It is also not very detailed. I am reluctant to call it "inaccurate" because accuracy depends on what one needs. I tested a small succulent. The soil that came up with the probe felt moist between my fingers, yet the reading puts it at #2, labeled "Dry". So if I were to use this to decide whether or not to water the plant, I'd be making a big mistake. (FYI: There are 10 levels: 1, 2, 3: Dry; 4-7: Moist; 8-10: Wet).
In addition to this meter, I have an identical-looking one that also measures pH and light, as well as moisture.  They never have the same reading even when inserted into the same spot in the soil.  I have quite a large collection of succulents and need to be able to measure moisture.  The succulent planting medium I use has no actual soil in it, so once the plant has been watered and the water runs out the drainage holes, there is no peat-y dirt to hold the water.  But if I water them again too soon, the roots will rot and it they will die.  I really need a good accurate meter!
People think I have a green thumb when in reality this is my secret weapon. It’s pretty easy to tell when an outdoor plant needs to be watered because if the weather has been hot, it’s a given. But indoor plants are a little tricky. They don’t dry out as quickly and the soil can feel wet when it’s actually just cold. I bought this tool and I feel much more confident when I water my plants. There is also a guide on the back of the box that tells you when to water each type of plant. But the most part I wait until my plants read close to or at “dry” to avoid root rot. I was able to get my fiddle leaf fig to grow a new set of leaves thanks to this guy. And the fact that it doesn’t need batteries was a nice surprise. Highly recommend if you’re a new plant parent.
This meter worked well for about a month and then no longer was acutely reading moisture. I cleaned the tip but no change. I sanded the tip down a bit to clean the surface and it again was able to read moisture levels. Sadly that only lasted for a few more readings and then again was useless. Will not buy again and would not recommend this particular product.
I am a  plant killer!  Every spring - I buy tons of hanging baskets and plants and they are dead  by  June.  So  I started thinking - maybe I'm drowning them.  YES I WAS!  Ordered this  meter - and  I was SHOCKED at how my plants didn't need watering  every other day  like I thought -  heck many are going over a week before the meter tells me they are dry!  SO that confirmed all these years  me thinking because it is in the  90's and hot as fire outside -  the plants can hold their own for along time.  My plants are really amazing  this summer.  I HIGHLY recommend this - because I thought sticking my finger in the hanging baskets and they felt dry - needed water.  NOPE!  They are still very moist down low - where it counts.  Even for my garden -  looks amazing this year!  I'm not over watering anymore.
I’m very pleased with this moisture meter. This time of year (January), it’s hard to find items like this locally - thank goodness for Amazon Prime.The first thing that impressed me with this meter was that it had explicit instructions for use. In reviews of various meters, buyers had commented they had tested a meter by sticking it into a cup of water and it still read DRY. The XLUX T10 instructions specifically advise against doing this - it can ruin your meter. Makes good sense!  They also anticipated other things one might complain about and addressed those as well.The meter itself works exactly as it should if one follows the instructions. The only purpose it didn’t serve is checking the moisture in tiny little succulent pots. And, honestly, I really don’t need it for that.I definitely recommend this product.
Don't put it in water. That's not how this thing works - it says on the directions.It has worked great for me, like training wheels for houseplants. Using this has shown me the difference between wet and moist, that I'm not watering the soil evenly, and assuring me if the root-level is dry as the top. These are good things to know to start understanding each plant's nature. For example, some houseplants should be watered as soon as the first couple inches of the soil are dry. That means the lower soil might be moist. You could be making the plant suffer if you go too long between watering then. It's such an easy and cheap tool, totally worth it.
Was a little bummed when I realized that it stopped working after 3 months. I noticed that my plants that I had just watered were reading as dry. So I gave them more water. About a week later, I noticed yellowing leaves and realized that they were over watered. I tested the meter on multiple plants. And while some read Wet, most read Dry. I decided to put the meter in some water, and the meter still read dry.However, while it was working, the meter was amazing! Super easy to use, read, and clean. Would buy again, but now I’m hesitant. Not sure if it was a defect, or if they have a small life time. Giving it 2 stars because it stopped working so quickly. Otherwise it would have be 5/5 because I liked it so much.
I love this moisture meter.  It's easy and does just one thing:  measures water accurately.  I lost many plants because the last meter read ph and light.  I didn't notice it broke and was stuck on the sun reading.Also - this product comes with an incredible warranty:  18 MONTHS!Price is well worth it.  My plants feel safe again.
Trying to keep all my plants alive and they all have different needs and different posting soil.  I don't know how I survived without this.  You just stick it in your plant and it immediately tells you  the moisture level of the soil in simple easy to understand terms.  Great for hanging plants or ones on the top shelf that might dry out faster and be harder to check the soil to see if the plant needs watering.
I can use my finger to test if the soil is truly dry or has some moisture in it pretty easily up to 2" down or so better than this device - the soil will feel cold-ish and not at all "dusty", but this meter will report the same soil as "dry". In my experience, overwatering can kill your houseplants, so if your finger detects "wet" then definitely wait to water your plant.However, my finger can't reach down to the depth of the rod, and it is useful in that regard as I've been unsure as to whether to water a picky plant that prefers fully dry vs partially drained soil deeper down.
I love my house plants but I don’t exactly have a green thumb. I know the number one way you kill plants is by overwatering so I finally decided to get this. I should’ve done it a lot sooner. All of my plants are so much more healthy. Some that I thought were in need of watering the meter would say were actually still pretty wet. Or ones that I would’ve waited on we’re actually too dry. I have so much more growth and just healthy looking plants after using this for a few months. Definitely worth the little bit of money I spent on it
I love this little gizmo.  I have finally been able to stop over and under watering my plants!  This meter measures the ground moisture accurately and lets me know exactly how much water to add for each plant, herb and flower. There is a chart on the back of the box that tells you what each type of plant requires.  This has been a Godsend to a newbie gardener such as myself and I’m sure it’s great for seasoned gardeners as well.  My plants are sure happier and healthier since I started using this.  I highly recommend it!
I’d been killing my houseplants and mostly guessing about soil wetness and dryness. Despite looking up how to take care of my various plants, and watering them the recommended amount, I either killed or seriously harmed my plants (my mother helped revive the ones that would be able to make it). This has been such a help - even though I’ve only been using it for a couple weeks, I can tell it’s something that I needed. Despite the first couple centimeters of the soil bring moist, deeper down, the soil would be dry and I’ve learned a better watering schedule. Lastly, this product is VERY easy to use; just stick it in your pot and it’ll tell you how dry or wet the soil is!
Love this! My plants are thriving so much better since I started using this gauge. During lockdown, I decided to get into some indoor gardening. Knowing nothing about plants, their care was very trial and error for me, esp when it came to watering. Thanks to this meter, I’ve noticed my plants getting stronger over time, because they’re no longer over nor under watered. Be sure to wipe the tip of the meter with something rough each time before use. Oh, and keep the box! It lists the level for any type of plant you have.
I’ve tried using moisture meters in the past with so-so results. After my initial use, this unit is fantastic. I maintain a house full of plants (over 125), the majority in eclectic planters with no drainage (only horticultural charcoal in the bottom for drainage), so I have difficulty in determining water needs with an inserted finger test in the soil. I don’t know how I lived without this meter for years – shows degree of moisture at different depths, plus it’s great for finding dry spots in the root area (water just doesn’t flow “nicely” to evenly moisten all the soil). The metal sensing stem of this unit must also be good for aerating the hardened soil. Also the stem does not have to be cleaned for each soil insertion.
Yeah... the product is definitely not well-calibrated. I stuck it into an array of pots ranging from way-dry to recently, heavily watered, but it pretty rigidly designated each as being in the dry spectrum. After like 8 pots I was pretty curious and decided to put it into the waterbottle I was carrying to water my balcony plants with and it finally moved up from "dry" and into "moist" but not up to "wet," the highest category along the scale.I feel like the inability to acknowledge pure water as the highest point on the scale makes it relatively obvious the product quality is impractically poor; how can one trust a hydrometer that doesn't even fully recognize water as wet?
I have tons of houseplants, and always get compliments on them.But water schedules are impossible because they all have their moods, and sticking my finger in the dirt got old.Bought this thing, and now all of them are thriving even better than before.It makes watering an exact science, and all of them are loving it.Check them all daily, water those who need it, and all the stress of trying to make 'schedules that will work' has gone out the window - for the better. No thinking need be wasted.
I just got this today and tried it out in several plants with different soil conditions and it read accurately when it went from one plant that was moist (just watered it) and then right to one that was noticeably dry.  No batteries needed with is a plus and not expensive either.  I just wanted something that would be more accurate in deciding when to water. I tend to either water to often or not often enough so I just need to make it a routine every couple of days to stick this in the soil which registers right away. You should read the instructions as it says do not stick it directly into water and wipe it clean each time to get a correct reading.  It does come with a year warrantee too so you can't go wrong on the investment.
We, like so many others, planted our first garden this year. Due to a limited area of sun we used raised planters on legs. What we needed help with was how often to water and how much. We bought the Soil Moisture Sensor Meter and have not had to worry about keeping the tomato plants consistently moist. It works as intended and has made our job much easier. We joked that we’d probably end up with a couple of $300 tomatoes but our harvest has actually been quite good.
I was careful to follow the instructions plus of other reviewers.  I gently inserted the needle into the soil that were watered the night before and it read dry.  Fine, maybe it is dry.  I tried it again on a few spots in the pot, but still read dry.  I understand it shouldn't be used directly in water so i watered the soil, waited a few minutes, inserted the meter and it still ready dry?  It did move a hair but seriously?  I would say it should be at least 'moist'.  Tried it one more time and it was a very humid day indoors, it still ready dry.  Finally gave up and am returning it.  Sadly I will continue to stick my finger in the soil and guess if my plants need watering until I find something that works.
I use moisture meters regularly for my houseplants. I constantly misplace them so I wanted to get a couple back ups. I tested both out and put them in very moist. They read only slightly moist. While my older one that I use all the time read “very moist” almost “wet”.I am returning these. They would lead a lot of people to completely over water their plants and kill them.I realize moisture meters are just a gauge and not 100% accurate. These however are 100% inaccurate and if you relied on these you would be in trouble.
I ordered two or these moisture readers, one for me and one for my daughter. Mine works fine, hers doesn’t work at all. She used before and it right after she watered her plants and it read dry both time with all her plants. You’re taking a chance of getting one that works if you order this product.
I try to kill them.  Not intentionally of course.  But I overwater, underwater, can't keep track of which needs watering when.Now, I pick a time, once a week, when I go around and measure.  They get a lot of water or a little or none at all depending on the reading and they're thriving.Try to avoid getting too close to the plant and punching the roots.I can't truly comment on accuracy, as it specifically says not to stick it into just water, but it seems to be working.  Great value.
It was always hot and miss, not knowing how much water each area of my vegetable garden needed. I’d wind up with yellowing plants and didn’t know if it was because they needed water or if I overwatered them. Now with this meter, I measure the water levels around the garden each morning, to see what my plants need. The meter acts as a teaching guide. I’m in the process of figuring out how to adjust my water timers to irrigate for the right amount of time and at the right intervals. The irrigation timers are still not perfect but getting closer to the mark thanks to having this objective water measure. It’s awesome!!
So this device is very easy to use, and for the money I don’t think you can beat it. I have over 200 house plants and it is helping me with my more delicate plants. My note of caution would be to test various soil moisture levels so you can get an accurate idea of what the reading correlates to. Personally I believe that it underestimates a little, so it’s reading moist when my finger tells me it’s pretty wet. This is why I gave it 4 stars. Now that have a have an accurate scale for what each level means this has become a useful tool.
I got one out of curiosity because so many people swear by moisture meters— yeah, this one doesn’t work. I tried a million things to get it to read. Stuck it in the soil of a sopping-wet boston fern and a bone-dry snake plant. Left it there for ten minutes, thirty, an hour. Wiggled it forward, backwards, left, right— just to try and get the meter to read. It stayed under a “4” for everything. Unfortunately, I couldn’t make it out to return it in time thanks to the ‘Rona, so it’s sitting in the trash at my curb where it belongs.
At first I thought this product was wonderful, it was easy to use and definitely easy to read. Thought it'd be the perfect thing for my variety of potted plants. Had a blast the first day as soon as I got it reading the moisture levels of my soils. The next day rolls around and I was curious how much the moisture contents of the plants changed over a 24 hour period only to find that the meter stopped working. Gave it a few more days and watered my plants waited a few hours to test the moisture content only to find that it says the soil was Dry. Completely Dry, except that the soil definitely wasn't. Please note, I read the directions before using this product and you ARE NOT supposed to put the sensor directly in water. I made sure that the sensor never directly contacted water by waiting quite some time before measuring moisture after watering my plants. Regardless, after that first day the meter still hasn't worked.
I liked the fact that it was long and easy to read. I did not like the fact that after a few uses the tip came off.  They are very specific that it must be wiped with a roughish cloth ( I used paper towels) and I didn't use any force. For a while it worked then the meter readings were all over the place until finally it just stopped doing its thing! Even after watering my plants the meter read dry. This has great reviews which is why I bought it but I found it cheaply made and now I have to buy another one. SO, as far as the price being "right", You get what you pay for and now I will be paying more..LOL
I bought this because I invested in planting two trees and  bush and several flowers and plants and tomatoes this year and I didn't want to kill any of them by over or under watering them. As I have done in the past with houseplants. It was inexpensive and doesn't require batteries.I love this device! It's extremely simple to use. You just put it in the dirt where your plant is and it gives an instant reading.It has already stopped me from overwatering. There have already been times that I thought something was dry and the meter told me it was moist enough.I use it every day before I start watering.
I had a cheap moisture meter for decades that worked fine seems to be missing. So been trying to find one that is accurate or at least (really) lets you know if you need to water or not. I bought the fancey triple function double spike one thinking this is got to be the best. the PH part did nothing so sent it back. The replacement one the moisture part is not reliable it says it's wet and it's not been watered for days in AZ in the summer. So bought this Xlux brand with just single spike that does much less root damage each time it is inserted. This one showed me just what I expected these plants were near bone dry. I am going to buy another one right away as a backup. Simple meter, looks great, easy to read, it works fabulous.
This items grossly undermeasures moisture in the soil.  Plants that I know are damp (because I stick my finger in the soil) are reading as dry.  Plants that I just watered and I know are very wet are coming as up a level 4 or 5 moist.  It's very inaccurate. I have another, 2 pronged meter for my outdoor plants that I also used for comparison. And yes, I wiped it clean before using and between each poke.  If I relied on this my alocasias would die from overwatering.
I used the meter as instructed, wiping the shaft with "rough paper" before using it. It said all of my plants I watered an hour prior (I gave the soil time to absorb the water) and it still said dry. As an experiment, I watered a pot of soil with no plants just to see how "moist" the meter thinks the soil should be. Soaking wet is the answer! If I watered my plants with that much water, they would drown! I was trying to correct my over watering issue, not make it worse!
Many of us in soCAL have at least a small yard that is drip irrigated, but you never know when or where the irrigation fails. If you suspect that a plant isn't getting enough water or you don't know when to turn down your system in the season when your yard is getting too much water, this simple device will tell you. When you don't have enough water in spots, you can add water so that a plant doesn't dry out, and when you have too much water in spots, you can cut back watering so that you don't kill the plant, a major cause of plants dying, especially indoor plants.
I am an avid gardener and grow seedlings and starts indoors in pots 2-6 inches in diameter before setting them outdoors. Will admit I was skeptical the product could perform under these limited micro uses- but first time use on established starts showed watering needs at the individual plant level. Prior to use of the meter, I was watering on a tray basis- what a difference this tool made in regards to my assumptions. I only grow small quantities indoors which makes attending to individual starts a reality.  Hands down a good purchase for me.
I just added a bunch of mixed drought resistant plants to my landscaping (cacti, succulents, shrubs, trees) all of which are on drip irrigation.  Since the programming and drip rates are different, I needed to independently check that all of the plants were getting the right amount of water.  This measuring device worked well for that job and it was easy to use; simply wipe the dirt off of the probe after each measurement and stick into the ground at different distances from the plant root ball and check the reading.  If in the blue range, plenty of moisture in the soil.
This is an ok soil moister reader. When I first put it in and leave it there for about an hour or so to get it to set before adding water to the pot. After i watered it for about 5-10 minutes it still was reading dry and even after about half an hour after watering it the needle was in the middle not on the green side reading moist. So I don't know if this is a great way to read if your soil has a lot of moisture or not but i probably wouldn’t get this again.
I spent hundreds of dollars on plants and dozens of hours putting gardens in around my house this year. Within weeks everything was struggling. I had been watering daily as all my plants sat in summer heat all day but I couldn't figure out why nothing was thriving. Tried this out and turns out I was waaaay over watering. I started using this to track which plants actually needed water and I noticed an improvement within days. Within in week everything had greened up and was growing again. At the price point what have you got to lose? Highly recommend, no exaggeration my gardening 'career' was almost over before it started and this saved it! Directions on the box are straightforward and clear, easy to use.
When I initially received it I was rather excited about the ability to measure my house plants moisture level. From the very beginning I felt that it seemed to read the soil as drier than I thought it was- but, I guess who doubts science or the machines. Well, after just 3-mnths it just stopped working. Just died. I don't know how. I never dropped. I always cleaned after each use. It just stopped working. Please, don't waste your money on this.
The original moisture meter was defective, but the replacement seems to be reading the soil properly. Looking through the reviews on how well the moisture reader performs, the item either works well or not at all. Since I did have to return the original item due to it not working, I deducted a star. However, the seller sent a replacement immediately after I notified them of the defective item and the new moisture reader seems to be working fine.
Sadly, I am not sure about this moisture meter.. in a sink full of water it's reading between dry and moist.I just watered my plants yesterday, so I wanted to check with this.. it read dry... so I went hmm.. I checked a 6 inch pot in 5 different locations and depth, same dry reading.. so I put some water in my sink and checked it. My sink is between dry and moist.... not correct at all.
Great that you don't need to worry about batteries with this tool.Some plants suffer greatly if they are over watered, being able to stick a probe in the soil and instantly know if it's moist or not is super handy. Especially in large pots it can be impossible to tell whether 3 inches down the soil is still moist or not. Of course some plants don't do well with too little water, but you don't really need a device to tell you that the soil is nicely moist.
I used this thing for 6 months starting last September and it died this past week (March). Odd since I didn't use it at all in December-February and was always careful to wipe the tip after each use. I had the kind with a square green top/dial for years, maybe 8 (I wasn't counting) before it died and assumed both kinds (square & rounded) probably had the same electronics inside, but now don't think so. Just ordered the square one again and hopefully it will last for years.
This old school moisture meter is hands down the best thing I’ve purchased for my plants. I always want to overwater, and trying to avoid that makes me underwater. This simple to use meter is exactly what I needed. You just stick it in your plant, and the needle moves accordingly. One of the reasons I bought this one is because it’s long enough for my largest pots. I can check all the soil including the very bottom. An added benefit is that it helps aerate the soil if you’re checking multiple areas of each pot. I love this thing and I want to buy one for each room I keep plants in. 5 stars.
Very pleased so far. I am using for both indoor house plants as well as outside potted plants and raised garden beds. I have always had an in ground garden so when I started my raised beds, I wanted to be sure the roots would grow down to seek out the moisture. I use soaker hoses in the beds and test after watering to make sure I’ve watered throughly, then I water again when the meter is in mid dry zone. So far my beds are doing great.
Zero stars. Didn’t work fresh out of the box. Tried it per the directions waiting about 10 minutes after inserting in my plants soil but all said the same which isn’t possible as some had been watered the day before or earlier that day. Horrible and shouldn’t even be on Amazon.
This has changed everything about how I take care of my plants (and help them live much more successfully). I was definitely the reason why my fiddle fig and zizi plants were looking lack luster...two plants that are supposed to be wonderfully durable! I was OVER watering by a lot. Likewise, other plants were too dry. Seriously, if you need help knowing when to water (who doesn't?), this gadget is ingenious. Love that the box also has dozens of plant names with watering suggestions.
I have a lot of indoor plants and most need different environments... sun, moisture, temp etc. This was so easy to use to help manage how much i water my plants. The most helpful part was that the back of the box it has a listing of common house plants and what range they should be in. Its helped me identify that some of my plants were doing poorly because they were too wet. Its such a simple fix. it was a good price for a good quality product that gets the job done. I'm able to quickly check my plants every morning before work. PERFECT.
I made this purchase for outdoor landscape plants.  The padded envelope had been cut open with scissors or a knife and the box inside was opened as well.  There were no instructions or purchase order inside and the only instructions were on the outside of the box and difficult to read.  The probe was bowed but I didn't think that should be a big problem so tried it in the garden anyway.  I am a serious gardener and had watered everything earlier in the day.  Some of the same plants registered dry and some very wet.  I re-read some of the comments which caused me to wonder if this particular tester might be better suited for indoor potted plants?  I had to give only 2 stars for ease of use and reading because when using in the garden,  one must kneel on the ground for each plant and lie your head close to see the reading.  I chose this particular Tester because of the positive comments and ease of use.  I honestly don't think the bowed probe could have made such a dramatic difference In reading and wonder if anyone might suggest another model that would be more appropriate for landscape plants?  I don't need one that gives the P H for soil because I have mulch brought in every 1-2 yrs. to ensure the best possible soil for my plants.  Simple - accurate - and easy to read would be wonderful.  Thank you.
I bought this to make sure I was able to keep track of how moist/wet the soil was for my plants that don't like much water. It seemed fine at first but then stopped working after the 3rd time I used it. It says my plant's soil is at 1-2, which is dry, so I gave it a quarter cup of water, only to see the pot overflow and spill everywhere. I don't often water this plant since it's in the bonsai family and doesn't like much water. It's hard to tell how much is water is in this pot, as I bought the plant from a lowes store that had it preplanted in a decorative pot that had only holes halfway up the side of the pot. After overflowing, it still says 1-2. It clearly is completely soaked and leaving the meter there for a about 20 minites showed the same results...
This gage is amazing simple and accurate to measure moisture in soil. ( no batteries needed) I carefully put the prong of hydrometer in about 2-3" deep check several different lawn locations and outside plants for moisture to see if I need to to turn on my sprinkler system. Works great no longer overwatering or underwatering lawn. My lawn looks great now, even during the hot summer months, and saving a bundle of $$$ on water bill.
Saw this on a gardener's Instagram stories. Never heard of a water monitor, but this thing works! Pull it straight out of the box and begin using. Could not recommend more for those of you, like me, who love plans but are still learning how to properly care for them. Several of my plants looked so dry, but when I actually stuck this in the dirt they read as 'moist' and didn't actually need any water. Others, as suspected, were dry as a bone and did need some water. Great for plants that don't "tell" you they're in need of water by drooping.
I love this I tend to overwater my plants. Now I don’t have to. I suggest putting it in a couple of different spots in the dirt. Remember not to hurt your plants roots.Update: this particular one seems to have stopped working unfortunately I really liked it to, bummer!I stuck it in completely dry dirt , it read. MOIST disappointing.
Doesn’t work at all. I tried to use it for my indoor plants. I have fiddle leaf figs, Calatheas , alocasia and they are all particular with water. It reads my moist compact alocasia as dry and my calathea in a self watering planter as wet when the bottom is moist and the top soil is absolutely dry.  It has really inaccrurate readings. It worked the first couple of times - maybe. Then it’s just been all over the place I definitely can’t trust it.
I bought this to check the soil around a new Cereus cactus I planted in Arizona. I had freshly watered it and the gauge didn't move. Then I watered my Desert Williow treets and put the gauge into the ground -- no measurement at all. Do not order this thing.
I think I have a brown thumb! So, this unit has aided me in determining if my new potted plants require water or if that have retained enough water down at the root level to skip a watering instead of just guessing and potentially drowning the poor plants.I can't speak about long-term performance but so far, this unit has been great. Just remember to wipe the probe after each individual use so that readings are accurate and the probe remains dry and clean for the next use.
You have to stick the prob an inch or two into the soil and then twist and wiggle the prob around to get a reading. If you just insert the prob it will still say dry. Even after I throughly drenched my potted plants, the gauge barely moved from dry to moist (after a great deal of turning and wiggling). The gauge does note really move enough to discern whether the soil is wet or dry. So far, the wettest soil barely read as moist. Not sure this is better than sticking my finger in the pot.
UPDATE 6/21: Its in the trash can. After a few months it no longer works. It is not accurate at all. I have decided that the old fashion finger is the best option for gauging moister of the soil. Waste of money in my opinion and will not last long.I’ve been using this tool for a few months and honestly I’ll probably by another kind soon. It’s easy to use but not the most accurate. Mine constantly reads as “dry” even if the plant has just been watered. I have found tho that if you leave it in the soil or 5 minutes you’ll get a more accurate reading, but that takes too much time when you have 10 plants to check.
I tested this a bit on plants that I knew were dry or more wet and the readings were accurate. I had this one palm I got from the store that hasn’t been doing well (I’ve moved it to different lightings and experimented with water + humidity) and I gave it a try and to my shock the soil was completely wet despite looking dry. Sure enough, I looked and my plant had root rot and a lake at the bottom because my drainage holes were not working! I repotted so everything is good now but I have since recommended to all my plant loving friends!
I bought the unit (lower left center of photo) to assure moisture on newly planted row junipers.  Although I have soaker hose supplying water, I did not know if the soil near the roots of the plants was moist enough.  I have an investment of $6,000.00+ in these plants.  because of the mulch surrounding them, I could not be sure that they were properly watered.  The hydrometer works perfectly and quickly, assuring me that the whole row of the plantings are safely  watered.  So, I am protecting my new hedge for a bit more than $10 bucks!  A bargain!
I’m sure it works fine for potted plants but I purchased it for my turf.  This purchase was the second since January this year.  The first one lasted almost six months with occasional use only about twice a month because of the extremely wet weather this Spring.It failed due to the tip coming out in the ground.  Probably my fault since I was placing around six inches into soft soil.  Maybe I took from the ground too fast and the soil sucked out the tip.  Then while reading reviews, I read that I should only insert it four inches.  Okay, I accepted the blame as user error and purchased another.  Cautiously sinking it into the ground only 4” maximum and removing gently from soft wet soil according to the tester, again the tip failed on the third attempt.  Guess it’s time to up my purchase price for a more durable tester as I do not accept this failure as user error.
I bought this moisture meter in April. I have used it exactly 4 times. I watered a plant and put the meter in and it came up dry, so I tried some other freshly watered plants and it still said dry… I then sat the meter in water and it went up to mid moist… if it is sitting IN WATER it should say WET… Buy another meter, mine was in it’s original box in the plastic bag it came in… WASTE OF MONEY GET ANOTHER BRAND!
I’ve had this a total of 5 minutes and I’ve already gone around to my 40+ plants and tested the soil. 10/10 would recommend.  I had no idea I could be so excited about possibly not killing my plants.  This is so easy to use. Just stick it in and it tells you if your soil is dry/ wet or moist . I check a couple soots to make sure and if it’s in the dry I feed my babies some water.  I am so excited that I have this!
Very easy to use product. A tip to be extra certain of the accuracy of the reading would be to look at the tip of the moisture meter after taking it out of the soil — if there’s soil stuck to it and it feels moist, then you’ll know that the soil is not completely dry.
I'm pretty sure this was defective out of the box. I was hoping to use it to test the moisture level of the gritty soil mix my succulents are in. So first I tested it in all my succulents. Meter read 1 (completely dry). So I watered one that I knew was needing a good soaking and tested again, still reading 1. I thought maybe it was because the soil was too gritty so I tried it in regular soil. Meter read 1 both dry and right after watering.
I don't know if I received a defective product but this item does not work _at all_. I tried it in bone dry potted plants and ones I had just thoroughly watered. The meter only ever reads, "dry". Returning it.
Absolutely love this meter.  It is simple, straightforward and easy to use/read.  I discovered that I had been overwatering my basil while underwatering many others.  Now everything gets exactly what they need.  I am a container gardener.  When I started my garden I had two dogs and a very small garden.  To keep the dogs from wandering through my tomatoes and peppers I put everything into pots and should have had the presence of mind to buy a moisture meter then - but I didn't.  Now I know the value of having a moisture meter and this one is great!
I had to buy another one because the previous one I damaged by leaving it in a plant for days before I realized it was in the plant. However, future iterations of this product and similar ones should improve on the size of the information you are trying to measure. Also, is there any way to "light" up the display once the dial registers the water moisture of the plant. It would be so much easier than shining a flashlight or using your IPhone light to be able to see what is being measured. Thanks
This thing is perfect. I had a triple use one, where it would measure lighting and PH as well as moisture but it went bad within a year. The moisture reading would read the same on every plant, even ones that I knew were super dry, or super wet. This one gives me a very accurate reading every time. I also love that there’s only one prong, it slides in easier and I feel like it’s not crushing up my roots. I love it!
When you are in its dry "red zone" there actually is some moisture In your plants. Doesn't make a whole lot of difference with most plants, but if you have succulents you better be careful NOT to over-water them when this meter is saying they are "dry" - because they aren't. Also, be sure to wipe the tip regularly - I use some very fine steel wool - that helps to get a better reading.
This plant meter is amazing. It’s so easy to use and easy to read.  Famous with my family for overwatering and killing my plants, I saw this product and decided to try it out. This helped save my plants, especially a big palm I bought. When I started to use the meter, I stopped watering the plant because I could see from the meter that the plant was still wet and weeks after the bottom of the pot is still wet and saturated with water. Pulling out the meter I could feel it wet so I know I wasn’t imagining things. If I hadn’t had the meter I would have still been watering the plant every single week and that would have been disastrous. Thanks a whole lot for this product. It’s truly wonderful.
It took me a little time to figure out how best to use it and I find it serves as a guide. I appreciate that. Anything that helps. My judgment and feelings always best and this does help. I do wish there was a Zero on the Guage so as to better understand the back listing guide on the back. The company/seller never got back to me on that. But like I said you can get to understand it as a guide.
Ordered and received the XLUX T10 Soil Moisture Sensor. When I pushed the tip into the soil, per instructions, the meter finger didn't move. I tried the sensor in a variety of wet and dry soils. On tilting the sensor, I found that the meter finger flopped from side to side. I replaced it through Amazon.The second arrived and I tested it in damp soil. The meter finger jumped to the green soil-is-moist range!Unfortunately, after placing it in super-saturated soil, I found that the meter finger never gave a reading higher than halfway.I don't plan to but this brand again.
I bought this meter mid July and have been happy with it until this week. This week all my plants are driest of dry according to the meter. Spoiler - they’re actually not dry at all.I followed all directions and kept the meter in a safe place - not dropped or exposed to any elements and sadly, even with the utmost care, it no longer works. Which means I’m off to find a more reliable less persnickety moisture meter for my plants.
My daughter bought me a beautiful little plant and I thought for sure it probably wouldn't survive if I didn't have some kind of a moisture to help me know when to water it.  The soil seemed to be a little damp but a couple of leaves had developed dry spots.  So I presumed I wasn't giving it enough water.  After using the moisture meter I watered it more and the little plant perked right up and looks great.  I don't have a green thumb so I know this will help all of my little house plants stay alive and look just beautiful.
Nice inexpensive instrument. It’s hard to speak of its accuracy, but it measures a 9 right after watering and  then you can track the dryness after that point. I water my plants when it gets to about a 2. It’s an instant read device, stick it in the soil and you get results. Don’t leave it in the soil as it may corrode, take 3-4 readings in multiple locations of your pot and then clean it off. It’s very handy and stops over & under watering.
We have long dealt with the problem of over-watering our plants.  That has all now changed significantly by purchasing this soil moisture sensor meter.  It works as great for outside plants as it does for those inside.  So, no more leggy plants now that we only water them when the meter shows it is time.  How great it is to finally have plants that look healthy.  There is nothing complicated about this meter.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who lacks the inherant knack of knowing just how often and how much to water their plants.
I used it pretty frequently to help take care of my plants. Never seemed to work 100% - for example I had this plant that I would water, then stick the probe in and it would still read dry - I eventually reported thinking maybe the water wasn’t getting through to the soil but still same issue was happening with the probe and then started to happen with other plants. Stopped using it for a bit and relied on my finger. thought I’d give it another shot but now it always reads dry even for plants that I know are not dry. I guess for $10 I got what I paid for? Not sure how to reach out to seller for warranty.
Don't waste your money on this product or any similar ones! Horrible quality, you can definitely tell it is a cheaply made product. Works the first couple of times, and then for some reason it won't read anything other than "DRY", even when I put it in soil that is completely saturated! Better off just doing a finger test and digging around in the soil on your own than be misled by this faulty meter.
I definitely do not have a green thumb. I recently inherited various house plants from my daughter who was moving and did not have room for them. Since I have no clue when or how often to water them, I decided to get this meter. It works very well. It lets me know when the soil is dry, moist, or wet, so I know when I need to water. I recommend this product. It has worked well so far.
I don't hate it but don't love it. Not sure if it works? I wish it came with some direction or what to expect. Probably will keep it...but ao far not that impressive. The box it came in was totally demolished but the item itself wasn't broken.
This nifty moisture meter does one thing and does it well! Doesn't use or require batteries. Quick and easy to check soil in your potted plants so you don't over water, which is a leading cause of plant demise. I've never used it outdoors but mfr says it's good for that, too. Best gardening tool I've bought in years. Going to order another so I have one for upstairs and downstairs.
This thing single-handedly saved my plants! Like so many people, I was a habitual over-waterer and the only thing I’d been able to keep alive was an aloe vera, which seems to thrive on neglect. I take two readings on each plant in different areas of the pot, and they are almost always the same, so I’d say the accuracy is pretty spot on. I have sand covering a lot of my plants to help deter flies, so it can be hard to tell if the soil is dry or not. Now I know about how often to check each plant, and if it’s in the red, I give it a drink. A+ from me and I have already recommended it to a few friends!
I’m new to the plant life and wanted to get this reader to help me gauge water level on my plants . I received the reader and it’s pretty straightforward to use but I don’t believe it gives an accurate read. For example, I just got a snake plant that was freshly watered a few days prior to me using the reader and it noted the plant was very dry. Snake plants don’t require frequent watering so I don’t believe this was accurate.Not sure if I’m using it incorrectly but wanted to share
The meter seems to accurate and is helpful, when it works. I’ve had one for almost two months and it recently stopped working. When you try to find warranty info here on Amazon you get the “check with manufacturer” response, which is becoming more and more common here. Also more common is the inability fo find any contact info on manufacturers in search engines. I’m sure that’s no accident.
I don’t know what voodoo magic it uses, but this little thing is pretty cool. I had just been watering everything every week or two, mostly my plants were ok but I always lost a few while others are obviously failing to thrive. A few weeks of using this and I can clearly see where I was going wrong with some plants, even have one reviving g itself nicely now. Quite the bargain that pays for itself easily.
I purchased two brands, this single probe and a dual probe.  They both read the same (good) the probe is strong enough to push through grass sod.  I did use in a flower pot, and didn't get any reading, but determined the soil/drain rock used didn't allow enough contact on the probe.  Pushed into normal dirt, works fine.  just FYI, if you don't get a reading, it may be your soil.
Love this! I was always trying to figure out how to water my plants. Somehow always overwatering. No more guessing. Just quick check of my plants each day and then I know if they are thirsty. So surprising that there is no pattern to watering them, even with my indoor plants. I just water when meter reads on the low side of moist. No more guessing!
Had another version of this product 20+ year ago - had a sunflower design head. Worked every time, then it must have went off to Salvo in a sorting frenzy.  This product worked fine and was necessary for my deeper pots.  Understand the concept- different metals create small current using moisture. Never forced into hard soil and always removed debris after use.  After about 6 weeks, it quit showing any reading even for plants watered earlier in the day. A slight tap on the product head showed that the pointer was moving freely.  Discovered that if I put a small amount of sideways pressure on the meter head, it would show a reading which did change depending upon the moisture of the soil.  So the probe was creating current, and there must be a loose / weak connection in the wiring going to the meter.  Contacting the seller and hoping for a replacement.
IF YOU AREN'T KNOWLEDGEABLE ABOUT PLANT CARE, THIS IS FOR YOU. THIS TELLS YOU WHEN TO WATER AND WHEN TO PASS. IT WILL HELP YOU TO NOT OVER WATER WHICH IS A PROBLEM FOR MOST PLANTS. JUST FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS ON THE BOX AND IF YOUR PLANT ISN'T LISTED, GOOGLE IT AND FIND OUT HOW WET IT LIKES TO BE AND WATER ACCORDINGLY, WHEN YOU CHECK WITH THE MOISTURE READER.  HAPPY WATERING!!
I was wondering about the accuracy of this meter and its construction.. I use it on my succelents..The meter is very accurate, easy to use easy to read... As the instructions state make sure there are no rocks in the way. Never put in a glass of water.. The price at $9.99 is a bargin..  The probe will get bent if you are not carefull.. I test the mosture by putting the meter at root depth..  I would reccomend this meter if you are a succelent fan...  I would buy again if need be.. Delivery was two days after ordering... 100% satisfied..
I purchased this in February for my 4 year old's indoor planting projects this Spring.  She got started this week, and when we tested the soil in her pots her excitement turned to disappointment when the meter only read "dry", no matter how moist the soil was.  Highly reviewed, but does ours does not work, at all!  Company needs some sort of quality control at the end of their production line - this is a simple step that would help ensure satisfied customers.  As it stands now, it looks like I'm another unsatisfied customer who is unable to return a product that was defective out of the box.  BUYER BEWARE!
I love this! I was surprised how easy it is to use. I pop it in my plants for 2 seconds and use the small watering can I'm carrying along if necessary. I thought I knew if some of my plants needed water. I guessed wrong about 30% of the time. I'm so excited about this that I immediately bought my mother in law one for mother's day and I plan on getting one for my mom too!
I'm an avid succulent plant lady.  I propagate, grow and collect succulents.  I love plants and try to treat them right.  Not too much water and not too little water.  This meter is such a help with this step.  It takes all the guess work out of watering.  I've had plants in my care die from too little watering to too much watering.  Not anymore!  Love it and use it all the time!  If your a plant person like me I can recommend this nifty gadget to test the soil to know which ones need water and which can wait.
This is a second review because I bought one meter for myself, then bought another as a gift.  I am sorry for the repetition, but do not like to just delete a request from Amazon.  I like the meter.  I think it should explain more about at what level you need to start watering again.  There is a list of plants on the box, but none of those are what I have in my house, so I just look at the meter and if it's on the low side, I water.  If it's on the upside, I don't.  But it does tell the difference between dry soil and damp or wet soil.
It takes some fiddling around to get a proper reading. You definitely might need to turn it this way or that and put it in deeper for a better reading. If you follow the instructions you shouldn't have an issue. I saw reviews saying people put it in water to test if it works..the package says if you submerge it, the mechanism will be permanently damaged so just be forewarned not to follow other reviews "tests"
I got my meter at the beginning of May, since then I’ve been very suspicious that it’s not reading correctly.. so I stuck it in WET soil, sure enough it came back reading on the low end of moist. Don’t waste your money
The product does what it is supposed to do. I do love how easy it is to use. So far, it has been pretty accurate. I use it diligently everyday to check my vegetables that I planted in pots. It must be reading the moisture accurately because my vegetables have been growing beautifully since the meter shows its wet towards the roots and I don’t have to water them often.It’s a simple device and more than enough for what I need it to be.
Update:  I contacted their customer service and they shipped me out a new one the next day!  Great customer service.The meter works great and hopefully now I will not kill anymore plants.It broke after one day.  I stuck it in the plant and the tip came off!  I’m contacting the manufacturer.  We shall see how good their customer service is.
I bought this for my FLF and it seems to do the trick. Yeah you can use your finger...I don't want to. So I purchased this little guy and its works well. As another review states, please know how to use it correctly. This same meter goes for quite a bit more $$$ at the nursery near me. I say its well worth it to purchase one to keep on hand if you're a plant parent.
I water with love...I promise. But apparently that was giving to much love. This sensor measures deep into the soil to let me know when to water. My plants get pretty dry on top but the roots hold much more water. I’m watering every month or so now vs. every two weeks which was a no no. Only thing I wish is that I could keep it inserted in the plant but apparently that’s a no no too. Although slowly...I’m learning.
I purchased two of these moisture monitors to use with a 47 year old Christmas Cactus and 20 year old Jade. I know that i could use just one monitor but decided to get one for each plant. We just leave the monitors in the soil all the time.. Both plants are doing very well now that I am able to know when they really need water. This is an easy to use product that really works well. It does not require batteries.
This little gadget has already saved a number of plants for me. A friend gave me some beautiful plants. I hadn't taken care of plants too well in the past. With this gauge I was able to tell that the plants had plenty of water when I would have watered them way too much. This is a very handy little device. I have one in my home and one in my gallery!  : )
I lost a moisture meter I had for 30 years.  I freaked out because I have never seen them in garden shops!  Amazon to the rescue.  they work well.  Just push it down into the pot and read it. As you pull it up, keep your eye on the guage.  Some plants are bone dry at the top, but soggy at the roots. There are also meters for PH and other soil conditions
I only bought this because after 40 years of gardening, I have to grow in raised containers and since I am an eclectic collector of growing containers, each container has its own moisture personality. This instrument will help me know when to water. I would like it better if the face of the instrument was attached perpendicular to the rod that you insert into the soil.....would be easier to read. That's a feature I will look for next time.
Super easy to use and read. I bought this meter because I was overwatering my house plants. I had a few people mention a water meter but was instantly intimidated by the sound of that. I finally decided to buy one myself and boy am I forever thankful I did. You just pop it in the soil, I recommend putting it in a couple different spots and it instantly tells you if the soil is wet,  moist or dry.  If you want to be a good plant patent I highly recommend this product.
Great product. Arrived on time, safely packaged. I almost killed that poor plant. Sensor showed dry as a bone!  Did not realize how much water it needed. So I will continue to monitor the plant. I also checked all my other plants too. Now the sensor showed different moisture levels on each plant which makes me think the readings are accurate.I recommend this product and will buy again.
I was using one that measured several things...while all I needed was the read on moisture.....this is a delight to use!I know that some have use for multi -uses...but I don't.....I'm in Arizona summertime....watering can easily be overdone or underdone, so this is a great help. In cooler parts of the year, it's obvious to me on how I have to water....but not in the heat of summer.
Every single plant I put this in reads level 1 dry. The meter doesn’t move or read any other numbers. Some of them have visibly moist soil. I do the finger test and the soil is moist yet the meter doesn’t change, it has read all 25 of my plants as level 1 dry. I’m super disappointed! It’s easy to read and use but unfortunately is not accurate at all.
The reason I rated this product so low is, until I received it and read the instructions, I didn’t realize that I couldn’t just leave it in the ground. According to the instructions, you’re supposed to pull it out of the ground and clean off the probe after each reading. Not what I wanted, and this limitation wasn’t obvious to me before I bought it.
The last thing I want to do is stuff my finger into my potted plants in an effort to decide whether to give them water. This meter takes the guess work out of it, allowing quick checks shallow and deep, toward the window and in the back. Outside use is also valuable for plants like Hydrangeas, which don't like to be dried out or drowned. Very nice!
I am new to being a plant parent. I need all the help I can get. This little tool works well  its easy to read and use  It does warn agaist leaving the probe in the soil for more that an hour. And I totally  the tip is a little corroded feom the acid in the soil BUT! IT STILL WORKS ACCURATELY! I would recommend this to any new or master gardener.
Put the probe in a glass of water after first opening the package and got no reading.  Then tested houseplants and several outdoor potted and landscaping plants and compared the readings to my other hydrometer. This new one reads as my old one does, and it's accurate enough at reading soil moisture to keep plants from drying out or drowning.
I ordered the Xlux soil tester (two actually)  as it had one prong, instead of the three prongs I have on my current meter.  It would be easier for use with my larger, thickly leafed, more mature plants as I only needed a moisture meter, without a ph or fertility gauge feature.I wasn't getting a reading from the Xlux of what I should have had for my watering schedule. It showed my plants were at  a satisfactory moisture level, so I used my current Rapitest three prong meter just to compare to be safe, and it read a severe moisture deficiency... totally different from the Xlux.  If I had used this meter without knowing how my plants usually require watering, my plants would be failing in a very short time. Buyers beware...I would not recommend this meter.
I had high hopes, but like many other reviews said, this thing is just not reliable. I felt like it worked sometimes, but I was always questioning it and ended up testing the soil with my finger anyway. Returned because I just don't think it's consistent enough. Plus I could feel it ripping through roots when inserted into the soil of my plants.
Amazing being able to discern how wet the soil below the surface of a planter is without having to did it up! This sensor seems to work well, though i'm a  bit astounded at what it considers WET. Easy to use, seemingly accurate, no batteries to replace. I like it and am adjusting my watering schedules accordingly, based on actual facts rather than guessing or using the surface appearance as a guide. Product does exactly what they claim!
This hygrometer is exactly what I needed. I have killed so many plants due to over or under watering in the past. I wish I had bought this years ago- it’s so helpful. I bought an expensive banana tree and want to take really good care of it, so I bought this thing to help me take care of it. Excellent purchase! Will buy again when needed.
I have a lot of houseplants and whenever people ask me how I keep from killing them I say that it's all about effective watering and light. If they don't have a water meter like this though, I tell them they need to get one. Sure you can dig a finger into the soil but with so many shapes/sizes/depths of pots this is the only truly accurate way to know when your plant needs water.
I decided to go ahead and invest in something I thought would be useful and pay off in ensuring by plants survival but the product turned out to be utterly useless. I tested several plants and all of them read dry. Even the green onions I had just watered tested dry. As there are no detailed instructions in box I even referred back to this product page and still got the same unhelpful readings. It was a waste of $11 and now I have a random hunk of plastic at home. Waste of money.
The meter works and is helping me trim my watering schedule as planned. But the item arrived damaged. The packaging (or the packer) allowed a bend and the probe shaft is kinked and slightly bent in the middle. It does seem to function however. I suppose that the first time I hit a rock or some other obstruction when I sink the probe into the soil it could bend further (if I'm not careful) and break the wires or whatever is inside the tube. The other item in the box was undamaged so no claim has been made.
seemed to be working great. responsive and accurate. then the tip fell off in a potted plant. cleaned out the stem and put the tip back in, but it never worked right after that. there is a small wire in the stem that needs to make contact with the tip and its unlikely to reassemble it effectively after the tip comes off... so i must return and try a different product.
Love this tool! I am a new gardener growing from seed. Last year I was overwatering and then underwatering. It was driving me crazy! This meter has been the difference and my tomatoes and peppers are growing nice and healthy.  Like the ease of use, just stick in soil and wait a few mins for the needle to settle and let you know if the plant is wet, moist or dry. No batteries or cords so can take it outside and not worry about it dying on me. Highly recommended!
Ordered this but it arrived in a plastic padded pouch. The meter's cardboard is thin and somewhat crushed. The spike was bent at a 90 degree angle so returned it. Ordered an identical replacement. It arrived packaged the same way but works perfectly when I used it. Watered the lawn today and later tested the soil. The metered showed the north side was more moist  compared to the south side of the lawn, which is spot-on. It's a keeper!
I first received a faulty meter. The meter wouldn’t read above the lowest line (dry) even in soil that was just watered. I do a mixture of bottom and top watering for my plants so I know the soil was saturated. I tried it in many areas of the plant and is still read the whole way dry. I was hopeful since it had good reviews so I ordered a replacement. The replacement did the exact same thing. I even had other people try it just in case it was user error, even though I was confident it wasn’t since I’ve been gardening and using other meters for years. To top it all, I returned both products but somehow still got charged for the replacement in the end. So now I paid double for two junky items that will go in the trash.
Usually I don't comment on reader reviews but to those who wrote that the gauge doesn't work in water:  the description specifically says NOT to put it in water!
I have two other moisture meters and they each give me a different reading IN THE SAME LOCATION!!  The three readings consisted of "WET", "DRY", and "MOIST". They weren't even in the same ball park.  I wish I could return all 3 of them, but I'm over the return period.  These items are faulty, inaccurate and my plants are suffering because of the lack of consistency. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
The plant list on the box is the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen. “Common” names I have never come across in an entire career in horticulture. Plants that were recognized on the list were often in the wrong category for media moisture level. Plants that should have been listed, were not. I can’t see how this information is at all helpful to a gardener in the USA. No instructions as to how long to let the probe be in the media for an accurate measurement. The meter itself was inconsistent in readings based on what I could tell based on visual and tactile evidence. I returned this for a refund.
I got tired of shoving my finger into 10 different pots of soil every other day to check them.  This works really well to help you get an idea of how moist the soil it.  My plants love it since I only water them when they need it now.  It seems accurate and you can measure the moisture at different levels in the soil which is nice.
This arrived promptly. Unfortunately it is not very accurate. Did a couple of test with it. Clay soil, soaked after a week of rain registers as Low Moist, should of registered at Wet. Sink full of water registers as Low Moist. So it is less reliable than one's own common sense. Made in China, very light weight, you would think it was hollow inside.
I'm so glad I bought this! I was getting so frustrated that two of my plants are dying when I water when I feel soil and it's dry well turns out according to the chart that's on the box, I'm over watering them cause they're in the dry zone🤦🏾‍♀️ love the chart that breaks down where your plants moisture level should land at for it to flourish. I have zero complaints about meter and recommend all newbies to get this!
I tried this out on a very dry plant. It read very dry. I then put it in a plant that had been watered well a few hours earlier. It read very dry. I immersed it a little over an inch in a glass of water and it still read dry, although not a dry as the other 2. I think it was a waste of money. It was very easy to read and use but not accurate.
Furthermore, you can't leave this in the pot, it's only to check it at that moment, which isn't what I wanted. I wanted to be able to leave it in the dirt to know when to water the plant, but if you do that, the metal of the sensor begins to literally rot and flake. I've only ever seen it read between dry and soaking wet
Put it in a plant pot that had not been watered in five days, and the dial went to 10. Every plant I used it on, said 10. I put it in a plant pot that was in my garage and had not seen water since last August, drier than the Atacama Desert, yet the dial still said "10". It says "Simply insert the moisture meter into soil and you'll get the test result instantly" either there is more to it than that, or it's junk.
This product is terrible!  I’ve had plant water meters before which read moisture level as soon as you put the stick in the soil.  Please tell me why it says DRY right after I water?!  Returning item.
A dud, perhaps? No matter what plant I put it in, whether it was just watered or hadn’t been watered in a week, no matter how long I left it in, what level I had it in...dry. The needle did a minor shimmy when I used it on the just-watered plant...but remained on dry. Obviously not working, but I assume I have a defective product.
I dont do well with plants. But I had these beautiful monsteras that began to show signs of dying. Crispy leaves and brown spots. Turns out I was under watering,  then I was overwatering! Friend told me about this gadget and sure enough it will keep me from harming my plants. I see new life coming back to these plants
Lifesaver!  I had to put large rocks in my house plants because my dogs like to eat the dirt & small rocks that I was using before.The difficulty with this - is watering my plants!  It’s hard to tell if the soil is dry or moist, without moving all the rocks 🪨!This tells me how moist the soil is, genius!
I've been on a long search for a very accurate soil moisture meter.  I tried many models and NONE of them provided the accuracy that this one does.  I use it mainly for my houseplants but I'm sure it will work just as well for outdoor/in ground plants.  Seems well made and sturdy.  I highly recommend this model!!!
Does not work on loamy or chunky soil. I use Kellogg’s brand organic soil products and they all have some chunky bits. I’m working my way to a loamy soil, and have that accomplished in a couple places. This reader is in accurate in both. Seems the soil has to be fine and compact to get a correct reading. I’m returning.
I received a magnolia plant for mother's day and it came with limited watering instructions.  After weeks of not knowing if I watered too much or not enough decided to purchase a water meter.  This one works perfect, however, I did it too late for the plant.  I will definitely continue to use it to test the soil on any future plants I receive.  Definitely recommend this product.
Seems to be good quality and fairly accurate as compared to another older meter. Only thing to be aware of is it is delicate. If you try to force it into compact or hard soil it will easily break. I broke one already and this order was a replacement. I now only insert using stem rather than holding onto the head as it is easy to use too much force by pushing it into the soil via the head.
It’s exactly what I needed. I have a collection of rare houseplants that I would very much like to not die, and this helps with that. Just stick it into the soil slowly, all the way down, then bring it back up. It helps find dry layers where the watering missed, which is great. Just make sure to clean it carefully after use and store it in a place where it won’t get damaged.
I tried this in about 10 different plants, most of which I just watered the day before.  It said they were all dry.  Dead dry.  I couldn't get the needle to budge no matter how I stabbed the soil.  I had boughten 2 of them, one for me, one for a friend. The other one wouldn't work either.  They are going back!
Exactly what I was looking for in a moisture meter.  Nothing fancy but something that would work out of the box. And it literally did. Took it out of the box and unwrapped it, put it in one of my plants and the meter worked.  Showed that my plant needed a bit of water which was correct as it was watering day.  I use it on all my plants including the succulents to make sure they don't get overwatered.  I am glad I found this one.
Works as advertised. While I cannot speak to its accuracy, I can say it seems to be relatively accurate. If you put it in the ground after you water, you will see a higher reading. Put it in a cup of water and see 10/10. So without having tools to independently Calibrate or gauge it’s accuracy, I have to assume it is as advertised.
I bought this meter based on the thousands of 5* reviews.  Unfortunately, my experience was different.  After about 10 insertions, the tip of the meter broke off in very soft soil.  Amazon sent me a replacement.  However, as soon as I opened the box I knew something was wrong (different from the first meter) when the meter read 4.  It didn't matter if the soil was bone dry or soaking wet, the meter read 4.  I guess if I was willing to try a third time I might actually get one that works and lasts more than one day.  Time to find another manufacturer!
Got as a Christmas gift for wife.Will update after Christmas about product.Arrived quickly, no damage to box or product inside. Can’t say much else until she uses it.If it’s anything like the other 2 we have, it’s going to work just as advertised, tell you how moist your soil is or isn’t.
Although I've only had this meter for a few days I really am enjoying it. So easy to use and read. I have many house plants  and find the meter very useful & it seems to be very accurate (I've checked it with a finger test in the soil). I was very impressed with the seller following up on the arrival and my satisfaction plus offing to help if any problems arose. I love good customer service!
A similar looking meter reads PH, light and other things, but I just wanted to check the moisture in my plants.  I have a bad tendency to over water.  After using this meter, I was surprised at how much I have been over watering.  My plants are already looking much better now that I'm being more restrained.
The taller one is probably better but not in stock. Once you insert the meter well into the soil, between the leaves and the fact you have to bend down to read it, it’s not too convenient or easy. However, I believe it is accurate. A longer metal would be better, or having the reading part facing upwards.
I've killed so many plants from not knowing if I over or underwatered.  This product really helps illuminates whether the soil is truly wet or dry, despite what the dirt at the top looks like.  I've grown my plant collection from three to twelve because theyve been growing so absolutely well after knowing the right water amount. *aka Does exactly what I need it to.Apparently this product has a warranty, but I have not needed it yet.
I used this product today for the first time. I used it on houseplants that I knew to be dry (ish) and it detected that all were dry to a greater or lesser degree. The one plant it showed was least dry did have soil that was damp to the touch about 4 inches down in the soil which is where the tip of the probe was.
This plant moisture meter has told me my plants were dry since inception. I started to notice decay. I then put my finger in the soil and then I felt the soil was moist!!!!  I am so disappointed with this purchase.  It is garbage.  I would not recommend this unless you want to kill expensive houseplants!
If you are like me and you want to have a lovely patio garden but you keep killing everything, BUY THIS! Some plant care directions tell you to allow the plant to dry out before watering, but I never knew how to tell what was happening below the top layer of soil (all my plants are in containers). All my friends with green thumbs just seem to have an instinct about what plants need, but I didn’t know if plants were wilting due to over or under watering or sunlight issues. I bought this, and it’s SO easy and accurate. No more guessing about watering needs. Honestly, this little purchase will save you tons because you won’t keep killing plants!
Maybe its just mine, but this probe has a hard time with the lower moisture levels in my succulent soils.It works fine for my larger plants that have get a weekly watering and the soil stays consistenly damp.If you have an orchid or succulents, this gives me the same readout.  Not sure if it is user error, but I bought this to measure the cactus' soil moisture.
It barely registers moisture in potting soil unless it is soaking and then it is maybe reading half way. It works better in garden soil. Seems to work well in ground soil that is firmly packed.  I think most people will need this for potted plants to prevent overwatering and it just doesn't work well.
I bought this water meter, used it on my plants, placing it down in the soil and it seemed to work well. After about a week of use, cleaning the tip with a paper towel each time I used it, the meter stopped working. It now registers everything dry, even after I've watered it, and the gauge doesn't move at all.
Simple product to use: just stick into the soil and read the moisture content in the meter.  Company provides an 18-month warranty, something unheard off for a $10 item.  Finally, Company provides good communication/notification (through emails) about their product.
Just days after the 30-day return window closed for this purchase (made in Mar. 2021), the sensor tip came off and remained down in one of the sample holes. Now the inquiry message to the vendor was returned undelivered by Amazon. Just a heads up, gang. Don't hold your breath for any vendor support.
I used this for my lemon tree, over time the tip begun to determinate, idk if its because of the acidity of the soil I have to use but I feel like it should have been made with that being a possibility in mind and use a different material. Within 1 year the tip looked like it took an aggressive beating.
I have a Neanthe Bella Palm I keep in my office that I absolutely love that was a gift from a client. It's grown well since I received a few years back. I had issues this past winter overwatering it (yes, I should have known better) that caused a pest problem (fugus gnats...yuck).  I have since replanted in a new pot with fresh soil and added more drainage. Pest problem is gone and I ordered this so I won't make that mistake again. This moisture meter works great determining when and when not to water my little guy.  Definitely recommend purchasing this!
I had been using the finger test method for checking moisture levels. It clearly wasn't working very well since I had several plants showing signs of overwatering, yet the top few inches of soil felt dry. This has come in handy. I can really tell how much moisture a plant has around its roots without guessing.
Plugged it into the ground on my first tree, within 5 min of opening the box, it showed WET which was great. I pulled it out and plugged it down again in a different area and it registered DRY. When I pulled it out I noticed the tip was missing. It’s now defective and useless. Buy a better one.
100% Yes! If you struggle with keeping plants alive or if you have many plants with differing water and light needs, then this is a life saver. Not only does it indicate when it’s time to water (dry etc depending on the plant), but I use it to know how much to water since indoors I use many non draining pots. I water lightly and recheck until it indicates the saturation level I want for that plant. So great I want one for downstairs and upstairs.
This device didn’t work, mine never gave an accurate reading (always read dry- when the soil was very recently dampened). After researching these devices measure the conductivity of the soil, only slightly accurate in regards to how WET the soil actually is. I’ll trust my sense of touch instead.
I use it for my large outdoor potted plants and I’m very happy with this moisture sensor.  The difference in moisture from the top couple of inches down to 4-5 inches is significant. I’m saving water from watering less, and figure if I don’t kill one more plant to over watering (which I'm prone to do), that pays for this device!
I know I can use a chopstick or other method to test my plants' soil, but honestly, this meter is so inexpensive, easy to use and effective that I plan to buy another one. I currently carry this one back and forth to work. Everyone now thinks I have a green thumb and they keep asking me about all my plants! I don't have a green thumb, I have this water meter!
Saves you from killing your plants due to underwatering as well as from overwatering. Takes all the guesswork out of when to water. I REFUSE to do it the primitive way some amateur gardeners suggest: to plunge your fingers into the soil and scoop up a fistful of dirt. Anyhow even then I wouldn't be able to determine if the soil is sufficiently wet or not. And eyeballing is inaccurate.
It was rarely used, properly stored and kept clean. It is stuck on “dry” and won’t budge no matter how wet the soil. We used this to monitor house plants and it has broken in less than 2 months.Spend money on a quality product. This felt like junk from the beginning. Do not buy.
At first the meter worked perfectly. Soon the meter only began to read dry, so I kept watering it. I know nothing about plants but was told this would help a lot, well now my money tree is falling apart from being over watered. As you can see the soil is visibly wet and it still reads dry.
This thing does not work! I literally just watered a plant and it shows dry. Ibe followed the directions. I have 40 plants and the meter was only showed moisture for 3. Watering day was yesterday for most of my plants. I finger checked the soil, still moist. Waste of money
Not too sure about this or it’s accuracy. I have a plant that was completely dry, I checked the soil before. I placed the meter and it said it was moist stayed in 4/5. I placed it deeper into the soil and it didn’t budge. I put it into a plant that had just been watered so it was wet and once again it just said moist and stayed in 4/5
Tried on 3 different houseplant pots and some seedling pots. Never got needle to move higher than a notch above Dry even though plants were recently watered and obviously moist to the eye. Scuffed surface of probe as instructions stated but this did not make any difference. Returned item.
I found this to not be accurate. It measured Dry for succulents I just watered the evening before. If I were to trust the readings, my plants would be overwatered. Just sticking with my finger method of testing, going forward. I got the same reading with plants that hadn't been watered in over a week, to those watered the night before. Everything reads as "Dry".
This doesn't work at all. I put it in a plant pot that I watered a week or so ago and it showed as completely dry. I put it in a pot that I watered yesterday and it showed as completely dry. I put it a cup of water and it went up a couple of notches but still within "dry."
I’m not sure how this item is still being sold but it does not work, I have tried in over 5 pots, all different levels of moisture and it reads the same regardless. I was able to get it to read the first level of moist one time and the soil was definitely far closer to wet than moist, don’t waste your money.
I read a lot of reviews before deciding on this item; half of which said it didn't work and the rest insisting the bad reviewers just didn't know how to use it properly. Personally, the meter measured absultely nothing for me. It did the same thing just lying there in the box that it did while in use. So the directions on the box definitely aren't getting the thing to work. I'm guessing half of the sensors are broken. I don't recommending risking the purchase.
Reading the mixed reviews, I think there might just be a quality control / consistency error. I have another soil meter that I thought was off, so I bought this one to cross check. I checked before + after watering my plants that needed it and ended up having to shove my finger in to feel the soil because I couldn’t trust either meter. This one kept reading “dry” even after i thoroughly watered many of my plants. I tried wiping it with a rough cloth like instructed (or fine sandpaper like many suggest to get the metal oxide off) and nothing. For a $13 soil meter, I expected at least one that somewhat worked /:
Love this tool. If you have plants, do yourself a favor and get one or two of these. You just stick it right into the soil and it tells you the moisture level right away. The back of the box gives you a guide for many different plants, which is nice. Doesn’t display all. Overall, 10/10
I became very reliant on this, and three weeks into using it I overwatered my plants because it registered them as "dry" when they were moist. I tested it by putting it in a cup of water, which was indicated as "dry." Now it works very inconsistently so am ordering a different brand today.
I haven’t done any testing to verify the accuracy, but I use it for houseplants and when the pot is dry, it shows dry and when the pot is wet, it shows it as wet. It’s convenient because I don’t have to pick every pot up to see how heavy it is.I’d buy again and recommend.
This is singlehandedly one of the best purchase for my plants that I’ve ever made. Before I got this meter, I was gauging the soil’s moisture with my fingers, but my plants always ended up dying on me. And it wasn’t until I purchased this moisture meter that I realized just how much I was overwatering my plants!It’s easy to use and now it’s a staple for me. I just insert it gently into the pot and voila! A perfect reading. It’s saved my plants who are still alive and even helped me revive some of the plants I nearly killed!I would highly recommend this to anyone with indoor plants. :)
I bought a house plant that I put gravel over the dirt and this makes it really easy to measure the moisture level in different parts of the pot since this particular plant (an aglaonema) doesn't need to be watered very often. The display is easy to read and as long as you use it correctly it works (easy). Very glad I bought it.
Before using this moisture meter I was watering my vegetable garden to often. Now I only water my bins when the meter reads low at 2” down. I only need to water half as often as before I got this meter. I would never be without one again.This really saves on the water bill. Love it.
This is my first moisture meter.  After all these many years I finally purchased one.  I love it!!  My neighbor found out I had one and she bought this also.  It really works great and I am so glad I have it or I would still be under watering or over watering.  Now I get it right!!
For the last 20 years I have had a Moisture Meter that finally died.  I ordered this one due to its large # of positive reviews but I received it this morning and when I used it the first time I realized that due to the small size of the meter and the shorter stalk than the one I had before that it was hard to read.  I'm sure it works right but I would suggest getting a larger one for convenience.
I loved this device because I prevented me from overwatering my plants. However, I’m sad to report, that after 7 months it no longer works.  I’m not sure why it stopped working but the guage doesn’t move.Since it doesn’t take batteries I anticipated it lasting a very long time.  This is discouraging 😔(Photo of it in moist soil)
The first one I ordered was dead on arrival. I got a replacement because I was still within the return window. The second one worked briefly, but then the tip broke off. I wasn’t being aggressive with it - I guess it is just a bit fragile? Now it is broken and I’m outside the return window. I’m giving up on this product.
I was in need of assistance with when to water some of my plants that like drought conditions...this has been a plant saver. I clearly have been over watering some of them which is why they aren't doing the greatest...but now this shows when they are dry. I would definitely order again.
This is a handy tool for the not so “green thumbs” in the world (like me who kills a cactus). It’s easy to use and read where all you do is stick it in the soil and it lets you know how moist it is. Cleaning is a just as easy where you wipe it off and store it away. Now I don’t have too worry if I’m watering too much or too little.
Broke quickly. This worked great for a while and then suddenly stopped working. Needle won’t move whether I place it in dry soil or freshly watered soil.
This didn't work. It'd record no moisture on every plant until I purposely put it in one I'd just watered heavily. Then after that it'd record tons of moisture on every plant I'd already checked it on. Washing and letting it dry for several minutes between each check sometimes helped but only part of the time. I returned it.
Great product for watering plants in the summer, especially your hanging baskets. It is somewhat difficult to judge if they are dried out. This productWorks on everything and keeps your plants looking great all summer and fall! It even works well throughout the entire year.
The device itself is very poorly packaged with only a thin, flimsy plastic bag around the item inside the box. Likely damaged enroute, or never worked properly at manufacture. At any rate, the meter read "3" on unpacking and did not change when inserted into the soil of a house plant that had been watered on the previous day. Returned for credit to use on another manufacture's model.
This was a lifesaver for my plants. After I started using it I realized I was really underwatering some plants. I know some people use the finger in the dirt method but when you have dozens and dozens of plants this is just easier and way more accurate. I highly recommend this.
I bought one and it didnt work, sent it back for a replacement and that one worked for a week. Absolutely horrible and useless
The product itself seems to be made well, and I think it works. I'm trying not to overwater some really dry succulents that I just received in the mail.Unfortunately, the packaging/quality control leaves a lot to be desired. The product's most important part was jammed through the box and exposed inside the Amazon bag. I thought that the listing of plants on the box was really interesting, but unfortunately could not read it because a sticker was covering it and someone partially ripped it off.
Thought I could tell if plants needed water. Turns out, sometimes I was wrong. Fine to guess on some plants, but others are more sensitive to overwatering. No more overwatering my snake plants or succulents. Super easy to use and read with a gage like OS gas gauges. Good value.
This is awesome! Easy to use. No batteries needed and always ready. I know one can manually test the soil moisture by sticking your finger into the soil 😊 but this is a great alternative and goes deeper than my finger can reach lol. I bought one for me and one for my niece. We recommend!
I love this product! I thought it was battery powered, but I love it because it’s NOT! So easy to use and very accurate. It helped me save one of my plants because I didn’t realize it was sitting in water! Love this thing, I might even gift it to my other plant lover friends!
I've followed the instructions of how to read/use it, but its reading of the soil of my plants never changes, regardless of how long before/after watering I check.It may be that my plants, all being small in <7" pots, are too shallow for this type of device, but anyways, it just didn't work for me.
I just spent a fortune replacing my 20 year old Austrian Pine that croaked. To ensure I have the moisture level correct I use the manual method of digging next to the root ball about 6-8 inches deep to get a reading. I ALSO use the XLUX T10 and the readings have been dead on to my digging approach. I'm about ready to use ONLY the T10 and forget all this digging. Works fantastic and would highly recommend! Item was shipped and arrived exactly as stated. Great seller as well!
The 1st one I received was defective. It has so many positive reviews that I decided to risk investing more of my time in this product. I'm glad I exchanged this meter rather than requesting a refund. It's the only soil moisture meter I've encountered that works well enough to rely on.
Awesome addition to any Garden and a most have for Plant Lovers who have a variety of Plants. It allows me provide the correct amount of water as the Moist Measurements are very accurate. The Product was Recommended by Woodley Home and Garden Center located in Columbia SC.
I purchased this product as a gift for my husband in December. We took it out to use it on new plants last week and the guage just shakes and will not go above dry.  I tried it in a pot of soil that I soaked with water and it still does not move.  I was going to return it but was told that the return window ended January 31.  I thought things bought for the holiday had a longer return window.
A picture is worth a thousand words. Water is running right next to gauge. Gauge reads dry 🤣. Don’t buy it if you like your plants and don’t want to destroy them by overwatering
I purchased this moisture meter at the end of Dec 2020, it was wonderful and worked perfectly. My rubber tree was looking sad, so after I watered I wanted to make sure it reached all the roots. The meter kept saying dry, even though the soil was obviously wet and sticking to it. I tried another plant I recently watered, nothing registered on the meter. So when you buy, you also run the risk of it suddenly not working four months later.
It seems to work but I don’t know with what accuracy.  Dry soil reads dry and moist soil, moist.Someone asked for pictures of the back of the box as they had thrown theirs away.  Here you go!  Print is smaill and box is damaged so it may be a little hard to read.
Pretty accurate. I don't overeater anymore. Yes you can gently water while it is in the dirt. I use it so that I can watch the hands move and I can stop before it reaches wet. Avoid stones as that can  damage it. Don't put in water as directed. User friendly. Recommend
When I first opened the device and put it into one of my indoor potted plants, the meter did seem to move. However, after about an hour, the meter was all the way to “dry”, which was not the case when I felt the soil with my finger. Now after having it for a few weeks, I can say that it does not read the moister of the soil at all. I can stick it into soaking wet soil, right after thoroughly watering the plant, and the meter doesn’t move. Get one that requires batteries and gives you an actual reading, those seem to be the only legit moister meters out there.
Unless a plant is freshly watered, the needle remains at 0-1 (dry), even when a finger in the soil can feel the moisture. When freshly watered, it goes up to all of 3-4. I tried it on 20 different plants. You're better off testing the soil with your finger. Waste of money.
I planted lots of seeds this spring. Had never started my vegetables with seeds before. I've always found it hard to figure out how much to water plants.Over or under watering weakens plants making them subject to failure. This moisture meter made the growth process so successful. I had so many good plants I gave lots of them to friends and family. The meter easily indicates if there is enough water or too much. Since the plants have moved outdoors, I still use it to determine if the plants are moist enough.
At first I loved this tool, checking all my plants constantly. Over time, though, I started finding that it really only reads clay soils accurately. Any kind of sandy or highly organic soils will read dry, no matter how soaked they are.I wouldn't bother with this one; just water when the plants look like they need water and try to find a good rhythm.
I routinely over water my plants and kill them. This product is saving their lives! Just stick it in the dirt and it will tell you the moisture level. You might be surprised that the dirt looks dry but it is in fact moist. Requires no batteries and super easy to use.
I overwatered a plant and decided to order this, I would normally just stuck my finger into the soil to check. I will be going back to this method.This thing insists that all of my plants are dry or on the very lowest end of moist. I tried checking the soil immediately after watering and it still showed that it was just barely moist. What a waste of money, I should have stuck with my free method. Hopefully I can get a refund.
Really useful little gadget! Seems fairly accurate and works very quickly, the little needle/gauge will move and show you the moisture level in seconds. Super light, convenient and easy to use, especially for the price! I think this will be very helpful in preventing overwatering, and I only wish I had bought it sooner!
I already had a 2-prong moisture/pH meter that was hard to push into the soil without breaking plant  roots and possibly breaking the meter itself. Since I only need the moisture reading most of the time, I decided to purchase this single-prong moisture meter.  I have been using it for about two weeks. It accurately measures the moisture, and  I am much happier with the single prong meter than my 2-prong meter.
This is fine for potted plants. However if you have clay soil or rocks, and even if you drill a hole first, you will risk breaking the tip off, rendering the unit useless. This has happened three times and it won't happen a fourth for me. I'll just use a hand shovel.
I looooove this moisture meter!! It’s exactly what I needed. Nothing crazy fancy, simple, easy to use. Huge help with avoiding over watering my houseplants that don’t have drainage holes in their pots and for my plants that are picky about soil moisture. Absolutely would recommend!
Worked great for a very short time.  Clearly this product has a quality issue. It stopped working less than a month after it was delivered. I only used it for my succulent containers so can’t understand how it could quit working. Try another brand. This one is a waste of money.
I noticed this was staying all my plants were “dry”, even some I watered yesterday and were clearly moist. So I decided to test it out. I watered my plant adequately, waited a few minutes, then tested it. It still read “dry”. Very disappointed as I read lots of positive reviews.
It's a good looking tool but when it comes to actually reading the moisture it is not very good!If you rely solely on this you will kill your plants! The soil will still be damp not even Close to drying up and the device has the audacity to say dry, needs water 🙄I'm sticking to my square one that sometimes  reads PH
I am pretty happy happy with this simple device.  No set-up.  No frills.  Push it in the soil and it tells you whether you need to water or not.  There is also a guide with it to give you guidelines for various plants.  No batteries needed.  Simple.  I have gifted it to two other people.  So far.
My meter stopped working after 9 months. I will dip it into very wet soil and can never get it past the 4 or 5 marking. I think it's no longer calibrated. I no longer have my warranty email from the company, but if possible would like to contact them asking for help.
I have used this device on a large number of potted indoor and outdoor plants  for 10 months now.  It appears to function without flaw.  The gauge reading correlates very well with subjective measures of moisture in my plant pots, such as hefting the pots and feeling the soil.  The beauty of it is its rapidity.  I can assess the need for water in all of my potted plants in mere minutes, and feel confident in the results.
I kill plants.  Watering has always been a challenge for me.  How much is too much?  Not enough?  How can you tell?  This meter is a plant-saver for sure.  Stick it into the soil and I instantly know if I need to water a plant or not.  Love it!  I'm going to buy more for gifts.  It's made that much of an impression on me!
Very easy to use. Told me immediately which of my plants needed water. I can’t find my Goldfish Plant on the lists, but I read about how and when to water so I should be good. I had one of these like 40 years ago and like this one, it works great!!! Highly recommend.
Unfortunately I throughly the box as I believed that something this simple would work with no issues. But upon following the instructions and watching YouTube videos to make sure I was doing it correctly the device did not move or trickle after the instrument was wiped down and then put into soil. Wasn’t sure if there was a time frame I was supposed to wait so I gave it atleast 10 minutes with no results. I assume I got a faulty one right off the bat.
This meter worked ok, didn't seem very accurate, but you get a ballpark reading.  It lasted almost a year before the bottom tip broke off.
I haven't used other moisture meters prior to this one, so I cannot make comparisons. I can say that this one seems to be well made. It isn't flimsy or cheap feeling. It's easy to read. My plants were suffering to overwatering, which I did not realize until I got this meter.
Why did I wait so long to get one of these. I always overwater and kill my plants. I’ve learned, after getting this, even though it feels dry on top, that doesn’t mean it needs water as this tells me there’s plenty down below! Save your plants and get one.
Arrived in good order and quickly. Simple use, insert into pot and read from dry to moist to wet. Wish the unit would show the results a little longer. Pull it out and the reading is gone. Never the less it is going to save me from over or under watering.
The unit has precisely 0 accuracy. I tested it in very damp soil. Bone dry, it reported! I stuck it into some muck. Dry, it reported. Finally, I took a terry cloth and soaked it with water. It was able to get a moisture reading from that. But testing the cloth three times in a row in rapid succession, each reading was wildly different. This is unscientific garbage.
This is the key to container gardening success!  Many a plant's life has been saved by using this to check on the soil before watering.  I found I had been causing problems by watering too much.  I tried another brand of moisture sensors from the garden store and it (and its replacement) seemed to stop working right away, but this is the one to get.  Lasted much longer.
I tend to water all my houseplants the same way -  once a week. A few were looking a bit wilted, so I watered a little more during the week. Well, thanks to this meter, I discovered that I was OVER watering...slowly killing my plants. I've been using is product for about a month. It's simple to use...especially in pots with compact roots...the single prong makes it easy. The meter gives instant easy-to-read results and even includes a watering guide (plants zoned by moisture need) on the box. Inexpensive and an 18-mo warranty. I am happy with this product and would recommend.
Not really sure if this product is designed to be used to measure moisture in turf grass but thats what Im using it for. I dont think the numbers on the dial really mean anything for grass, but it will at least give you a baseline reading which you can then monitor for dryness or moistness.
Have had this for 9 months, but really rarely used it,  although I noticed it never showed any moisture in house plants.?  Began to use it more and for potted outdoor plants and vegetables.  Never any moisture.  Even inserted it into a glass of water and needle barely moved.  I had a different one for many years and always worked until it just died of old age.  Not sure if I can return it, but will look for something else.
Is nice to be able to more adequately care for our indoor plants to prevent overwatering and drying them out. We have a variety of plants, some requiring more frequent watering than others, so this takes the guess work out of trying to figure out which ones to water every day. Can't get much easier than sticking it in the soil and watching where the needle points.
I bought this hoping I could glance at it and know if I needed to water my plants. Not the case the gauge rarely moves. This might be just my experience but something tells me it's not. I would not recommend easier just to stick your finger in the dirt
This product was OK. The dial would sometimes get “stuck” past dry or stuck past wet. The meter was off and i would have to tap it a little or wipe the tip a few times for it to work properly again.Its not something I would buy again or recommend. For the price, I expected it to be better but now it’s just working sometimes
I changed my review from 1 to 5 stars as I thought it was defective since the needle never moved. I tapped it quite hard and it jostled it and now it works and I'm glad because this will ensure I'm not messing up my veg. Great product, worth it for sure.
Barely a month out of the box and the meter is barely registering moisture. Just soaked my geranium overnight in a bucket of water, so the water is sopping wet this morning. stuck the meter into the soil and you might expect a top wet reading, yes? It shows right on the line between dry and moist, ie- very dry. Not worth the investment.
I used it to determine the moisture in my plants for determining if i need to water or not.  It does not work.  I purchased March 20, 2020.  I keep putting it in different pots, dry and wet and the meter is stuck between 3 - 4 on the meter.  I am going to check to see if i can return it
I had my doubts about ordering this because the price is so reasonable, and some of the previous reviewers  said it doesn’t work properly. I’m here to tell you that it absolutely does work properly and accurately if you follow the few simple directions I’m extremely happy with this purchase! It’s taken all the guesswork out of watering my house plants.
This gadget is great.  I wish i would have known about this years ago.  Woman in my garden club has been using similar device for over 30 years.  Now hopefully i wont kill so many houseplants w/ kindness by accidentally over-watering them!  This device is so helpful!
My pointer finger says thanks! No more having to stick my finger down in the dirt & get my nail filled with dirt to check my plants. This thing is amazing and I cannot believe I didn't know they existed. Any plant parent should have this!!! I have been recommending it to everyone. I love my moisture meter!
This worked like a charm and was very easy to use and accurate right out of the box. Reads dry/moist/wet and simple to just stab into plant container or garden ground.  I’d certainly recommend if your after simplicity and only want moisture content.
Received in timely manner and in great conditition, but when I tried it out on plants where it it obvious the soil isn't dry--  gave me a dry reading every time.  For one plant that was obviously dry--  gave me a "moist" reading.  I don't recommend.
This thing is a life saver for me at least, maybe not so for my plants. You can still be a horrible plant parent even with this wand. But still this wand is amazing!! I like to go around at stick it in my plants just to see how dry it is at top or wet on the bottom. Good luck!! So worth the purchase!!
I used it to check the moisture my house plants. All read bone dry. I watered them all, waited an hour and measured again and it still read bone dry. Put in on the lawn right after sprinklers came on - dry again.
I have a ton of houseplants, and the meter that I've had for about 20 years finally bit the dust. I was happy to find this one, it's much nicer and very sturdy. Looks like it might last me 20 more years, which means that it will outlive me!
Every year my palm plant almost died indoors during the winter when I had to care for it inside.  With this device along with a plant light, it has actually grown new branches.  I know exactly when to water.  One of the best instruments I've ever used.
I have to say this is the most favorite thing I have ever bought on Amazon!  I have bought thousands of merchandise here and I hit the jackpot on this one! No more guessing if my little plants are thirsty and having to stick my finger in the soil and have to wash my hands after.There is a absolutely FREE 18 month warranty on this, can't beat that. Thank you..
I don't know, guys, I used this product as directed but the reading only outputs the correct information maybe 20% of the time. I've tested with freshly watered soil, completely dry soil, damp soil, etc and this thing doesn't seem to know what to make of it all. I trust the finger test more than I trust this. At least it was cheap.
Takes the guess work out of watering plants.  Easy to use, instant readings. I've noticed that checking a plant in different spots will give slightly different readings. And definitely different readings from one plant to the next. In my opinion the tester seems very accurate.
I bought this for my Monstera because it’s getting so big and its hard to tell if the soil is wet.  I just stick this in the soil and it tells me if it’s dry, moist, or wet on a sliding scale.  It’s really accurate and I definitely recommend if you just need that extra okay to let you know it’s okay to water!
I have a habit of either under watering or overwatering plants to the point I kill them all. So I've been keeping check on the soil in my spider plant that I just bought. I'm not sure if it's accurate or not, but I'm attempting to use it to water instead of always guessing and things dying. We shall see how this goes.
THIS LITTLE METER IS A LIFE SAVER.  I HAVE JUST STARTED GROWING SUCCULENTS AND WOULD HAVE KILLED ALL OF THEM WITHOUT THIS WATER METER.  THE ONLY DRAWBACK IS SINCE THE PART YOU READ IS STRAIGHT IT IS HARD TO READ, FIND ONE THAT IS TILTED AND YOU WILL BE HAPPIER.  FINE FOR SHORT  SUCCULENTS BUT HARD TO READ WHEN IN A LARGE POTTED PLANT.
Was misled by Amazon reviews that this product received over 4.5 Stars !!!!!Product never worked, tried several different pots, plants & techniques, IT DOES NOT WORK !!!! Gone past the deadline for returns, so I have to "eat" the costs!!!
I used my moisture meter for the first time today. It seemed to be accurate. The only problem I had was that as soon as the meter is pulled from the soil, the reading is lost. You have to read it while still in the soil. A few of my plants make that hard.
Life changing when it comes to watering your plants....  No more guessing.  A plant I was watering regularly apparently only needs watered every 6 weeks.  This hydrometer saved the life of my Fiddle Leaf Fig.  Wish I'd bought one sooner.  Have already bought another for my daughter.
Easy to use, accurate and makes watering a breeze. Turns out I'd been overwatering two big plans for years...ugh...but no more. This tool is sturdy and a snap to read -- no digital dials to fuss with, the needle gives you an immediate read. Love!
Super easy to use! Had to buy a few moreMake sure you don’t leave it in the pot, mine broke that way. Only use it when you want to check soil, wipe soil off, and store it somewhere safe.Makes being a plant parent beyond helpful🌱
Broke the first time I used it.  Probably good for houseplants but, I needed help with new trees.  I could easily read the dial at arm's length. San Antonio Landscaping explained this area has high mineral levels in the soil which causes conflicting moisture readings on the dial. Good price for use with houseplants and will keep your hands clean.
This meter works perfectly.  I have certain plants that need to be watered when the top 2" of soil is dry and others that prefer even deeper dryness.  This does the trick.  I use the little bag it comes in to wipe it down to create the friction they speak of.
This really changed the game when it comes to testing your plants soil! I can tell the difference in the overall quality of my plants now since this gives me an accurate reading on when a plant needs to be watered or not (no more overwatering, yay!).  Very easy to read, and comes with awesome tips for soil suggestions for various plants. 💖
The idea is awesome, but unless I just watered it it will always say dry, even when I can feel plenty of moisture with my fingers.Testing a freshly watered plant will make the meter go halfway.  Wait a few hours and it stays in the dry.
My Grandfather had one of these 60 years ago and showed me how to use it to water raised bed garden vegetables perfectly. This device uses no wasteful batteries and let’s me know when to water and how effective any one watering is. A must have!
This turned me into a green thumb! All my indoor plants are very happy with my purchase. I don’t over water them anymore. Make sure you take good care of it and don’t throw it around. Do not put it in water to test it. It’s made for SOIL! Clean the tip off after each testing and you should be fine
I like to have decorative mulch/moss/rocks around my plants so it is hard to tell if the soil is wet underneath. This thing is amazing for checking is the soil is dry, its super lightweight and feels like there is nothing to it - the probe is long enough to reach deep into the soi.
I am a relatively new plant mom, only been taking care of my indoor plants for about 5 months now. For me it was really hard to gauge how often each plant needed to be watered. I have maybe 12 different kinds of plants, and they all drink different amounts of water at different speeds. This made watering a huge guessing game for me. This moisture sensor has changed everything!! I no longer have to guess when my plants need water, I just pop the sensor into the soil and it gives you an automatic moisture reading. I've been using this for about a month now and all my plants are thriving!!
This works great and seems to be very consistent.  I don't depend on it entirely to water, but there's been a number of times that I wasn't sure what was going on with a plant and this cleared it up for me.  Very happy with this, especially for the price.
Now that I look there are lots of people with similar problems.  How did this get 4 stars?
Got product in the mail, stuck it in soil, needle did not move. Stuck it in a different pot, needle remains still at "dry". These pots both had damp soil. Either way, I expected a tool to measure within seconds like I can feel with my own fingers how deep down the soil is damp or dry. If I have to wait half an hour to get a reading, I don't need this tool. My finger will do just fine. I have over 50 plants.
I followed instructions and did NOT leave it in the soil, wiped clean after use. Even then after the first couple uses it stopped giving me accurate readings. I'd water deeply and then use this to see if it registers a reading, but it kept saying soil was dry.
This would be perfect for new plant parents.I purchased this because I recently bought new houseplants that are harder to determine if I’m watering them enough or not because they’re so huge. Now, no more sticking my fingers in the pots.
We have finally found a way to know for sure if our plants need to be watered.  This simple, inexpensive little gadget has made life so much easier.  Just insert it into the dirt and it tells you if it is dry or moist.  Highly recommend!
I’m in love  🌿. with my  moisture tester.I’m now not over watering my house plantsWe love house plants  My 4 girls love themAlso.  Now they all look so much happier .You have to get this
I bought 2 of these. My works great . The one I bought as a gift just doesn’t work. So 5 stars for mine but only - star since the other I bought at the same time doesn’t work at all. Do that equals 50/50 chance you get one that works .
This little gem is going to seriously improve my plant care game. Tested it in numerous types and sizes of pot, soil types, and on plants that were just watered and those that really needed a drink. Everything added up. Very glad I made the purchase.
This is exactly what I needed for all id my plants.  I love it because I have several different pots that all have different draining times so even with the same plants, I dont over/under water each one. The gauge is easily readable and can measure moisture quickly when transferred from one plant to another. I would recommend this to any plant enthusiast!
I bought this because of the good reviews and because I was overwatering some succulents I have, so I thought it would help me determine if the soil was completely dry. It seemed decently accurate before it broke, but now it is worthless. There wasn't anything I did that could have made it break, I only used it for my house plants -- it is just made cheaply.
Life-saver, for realz. I've always been terrible at judging how much moisture my plant soil has, and as a result, the survival rate of my indoor plants is low. But not anymore! I mean, it's still low, but it's much higher than it was.
Doesn’t seem to work properly. Never shows wet after watering plants. TrieD in several plants
This moisture meter is not accurate!! Such a waste of time and money. I tested it as soon as I got it. I grabbed a clear plastic cup, filled it with soil, and stuck the meter in. I can clearly see that the soil is sopping wet, and yet, the moisture meter reads at a 3..... 3 is supposed to be DRY. I am no soil moisture expert, but I think if it’s wet, it’s not dry.... 🙄
Works great. Love that it doesn’t need batteries and is easy to read. I watered my fiddle leaf two days ago so its reading of “wet” Is accurate. Too bad you’re not supposed to leave in soil though, it’s why I got it in the first place.
The First time I used it, it did not register; began to worry.  After trying different plants several times was ready to give up.  Then, it indicated!!  Ever since, has been right on.I am guessing is that the moisture needs a while to move up the rod before registering on the meter.  Almost a prime.  Anyway has been working immediately since.  Use it once a week.
I found that most of my plants still read "dry" despite being watered that same day.  It would read correctly on plants I had watered within the hour at least!  Might be more useful for pots that dont have drainage but it really isn't going to give me any fine details on if a plant is still a little damp or overly dry.  I thought this would save me time, but trying to read the dial is hard as the font is so tiny.Overall, just stick to the finger method.
It work well.  Accuracy is not important to me.  I just wanted an indication if I’ve overwatered my sensitive plants. It works well for that purpose.  I bought three so you can see I’m sold on this moisture meter. It’s easy to read.
Once used the dial is not very accurate. Would rather pay more money and purchase a device that was more accurate. The list of plants that come on the box for reference did not contain some common household plants. Disappointed in this device.
Mine was broken out of the box (I returned for refund from Amazon). I could tell right when I opened it that it was a piece of garbage. It registered no difference in moisture between bone dry cactus soil and freshly watered moist soil (both barely caused the needle to move). Before sending it back, I decided to stick it in water for laughs ... it told me the cup of water was "Dry" (... almost made it to "Moist" though lol). Don't waste your $$$
I was constantly over watering my plants but using this device we recognize exactly when my plants need water.
This was recommended to me by a plant friend and I use it multiple times a day now. It works well to tell me if the soil is dry or not and seems fairly accurate. The first one I was sent didn’t work at all but the replacement did!
This thing quit working after less than 3 months. I had to replace it with another from my local hardware. I would like to return it but unfortunately do not have the packaging. The meter just quit moving. I purchased this in hopes of properly nurturing my Fiddle Leaf Fig. I am glad I noticed because the plant was being overwatered which is detrimental to most varieties.
Junk. See photo. I was wondering that it always gave me a low moisture reading. Until I put it into a glass of water and it gave me a reading of “Dry”. Junk.
My reason for the low star is this isn’t sturdy at all!! I’m not a gardener. I barely use this thing but decided to test some plants before watering with the season change and it snapped in 1/2!!!! I’ve had it about 4 months. It’s been used approximately 6 times. The ground wasn’t even dry as you can tell from the dirt on the stem. I’d recommend looking elsewhere for a sturdier one.
It worked pretty well until the tip broke off last week. The box says it has an 18 month replacement warranty from seller, so hopefully they will honor the warranty. Amazon says the return window closed Aug. 2020 so that contradicts the replacement warranty stated on the box.Photo shows the broken meter in wet soil registering dry.The company sent me a replacement, which I appreciated, but it broke the first day I tried it. Not happy!
I don't know how it works, but it has helped my house plants significantly. When a plant looks dry, but the soil underneath is still damp, I now know to wait to water. My plants are happier & have new growth. I recommend this to any plant lover.
I have deep pots and plants that require a dry out before watering. Although the top soil may feel really dry  just 4 inches down it can be very wet. This prevents over watering and my plants are such happy campers now!Also  keeping my fingers clean instead of having to stick them down in the soil to see how wet the soil is.
About as accurate as other cheap moisture meters and better then some.  Easy to use and durable enough for most garden use. Does tend to read low in some very loose soil compared to a more expensive meter, but otherwise is fine.
I wanted to love this thing. It seems well built, wasn't expensive, and is easy to read at a glance, but mine always reads dry. Even if I can feel the moisture in the soil with my hand, regardless of depth. It can't be accurate.
Tried on 5 different house plants.  Every reading said it as at the lowest "dry".  Then proceeded to water one plant very well.  Waited a couple minutes. Tried again and no difference, said it was the driest reading.  Got a dud.
Very helpful. I was watching my sisters place and noticed her leaves kept falling off. In picture attached you can see the soil is too moist and likely caused root rot. Now she wants one.I was skeptical of the meters claiming 3-in-1 functionality with mixed reviews. This serves its primary function.
Very grateful for the Jeff Jones review, his review made the use and understanding of this moisture sensor a lot easier and less complicated. After understanding how this works and the proper way to use it, this tool has been very helpful. No longer I have to be guess why my moody house plants are not looking pretty and or happy.  Make sure you read the instructions and do understand the proper use of this very helpful tool.
If your ground is moist, it will read correctly. If your ground is moist, it may read correctly. If your ground is dry, this thing still reads "moist" making it pretty much useless!
My plants were dying because the "finger in the soil" way of determining why the plant leaves were turning brown was beyond my skill set. This soil sensor meter works perfectly. The plants seem to be happy. One's a goner, I think, but the others look like they are recovering thanks to the XLUX T10.
Absolutely useless. I just drenched my plant in water and stuck in the meter to test it and it read as dry. I then stuck the meter in a glass of water and it read as "moist" not even "wet."  I will be returning this. Just use your finger.
Unit worked well but noticed the TIP would come off a lot when wiping off between plants. The last time the tip came off it was inside one of two large potted plants (10 gal size pot).  Not going to take the pots apart to try and locate a TIP...Poor design!
I don't think this product really worked well. Used it 3 times, and never used it again. I bought it out of curiosity. If you are getting into plants, you don't need this. Just watch the color of your leaves to see what you are lacking. Simple.
I love this meter, I was always having issues watering my succulents.Not anymore this has saved my plants.I love to water, so I was killing my plants.lol.I even got one for my mom an daughter...and the price is reasonable..
I have been using this meter for a few weeks now and love it. It's simple to use and just works every time. I checked out other meters that also offer combined reading for pH and sunlight but after reading about them they usually aren't accurate. So I decided let's keep it simple and got this one. Very pleased!
I loved this thing. It helped me figure out watering schedule for a couple of news plants that I was having trouble with. I wanted continuous water reading for one particularly thirsty one and left the meter in the pot for a few days. The meter broke. Now it won’t show anything past the border between dry and moist even after I just watered.
Literally doesn't work... You could put it in a bowl of water and it won't move.
Great product for the  price. I realize how wrong I was often in Assessing when my plants needed ( or not) water. Especially potted plants, many of whom I drowned based on the top 2 inches of soil appearance or touch. Now, I depend on this gadget and I see the difference. . Highly recommended.
I’ve had to remove stars and update my initial review. I think this stopped working at some point. And I rarely used it. The needle stays at dry. Photo attached. You can see the soil is wet and drained out onto the tray yet the needle remained at dry.
So this item actually did not work for me but I’m still going to give it five stars because Amazon was quick to help me fix the issue. Customer support was quick and easy and to me that says a lot so still giving it the five stars.
This is the Soil Moisture Sensor Meter I was looking for.  It arrived undamaged & worked properly.  Very satisfied.
For the first few weeks I had this, it was great! I tested it with my driest soils and my wettest soils and it seemed to read them really well. Then... it stopped. I have a large fern with a deep pot that this meter kept saying was "dry" so I kept watering it, until the fern started to look poorly. I ended up taking the plant out to see what was going on, and the soil was sopping wet...despite this meter saying "dry". I put it directly into the sopping wet root ball and it still said "dry". I chucked this meter out and repotted the plant. Hopefully it recovers.
Wish I’d had this sooner for checking all my many houseplants. I pretty much watered them all on the same schedule. With this moisture meter I realized that some were definitely happier with MORE water than I’d been giving them!
there are no instructions or description on or in the box.  Im sure that to most it is self explanatory but information on readings and what they "mean" makes a tool useful...Honestly due to the limited information provided it is the same result as use a stick or my finger: dry, moist, wet.  I guess I get excited and forget "you get what you pay for."
Terrific product, takes the guesswork out of watering! Just be sure to check several areas in pot, to be sure you will not over water.Only thing that would have been nice to have included would have been a case for the tester, for you need to be careful with the tip so it doesn't get damaged.
This is simple and works as advertised. If it shows the plant is dry, I water it, it if shows wet or moist, I don’t water it. I don’t need this for most houseplants but I have a couple of exceptions I don’t want to kill by overwatering them.
Loved this when it worked. Such a simple idea. Shove the spike in the soil, and it reads the moisture. Sadly, it stopped working less than two weeks in. Happily it died within the return window. Now to find a better one.
I am a novice who is eager to grow many different succulents and cacti. Each plant has different needs and some are in large pots that are difficult to know how wet/dry they are. I feel like a real gardener now that I can accurately judge their needs.
My new plant meter is exactly what I had hoped for. It is easy to use, accurate, easy to read and has saved me from destroying a new Majesty Palm for our home. Well worth the money. The meter arrived promptly and it was shipped in the best packaging. Definitely an A+ purchase.
Easy to use. Box specifically says not to place it directly in water, can damage meter (for all of the other reviews trying to test its accuracy). I noticed the dial does start to drop to dry as it sits in the pot. But generally fairly accurate, paired with finger checking the soil
I highly recommend this product! I've been judging the dryness of my plants by eye for years now, so I saw this item as more of a "for fun" tool. And while it is fun to use, this really helped me figure out how moist the soil was below the visible surface layer of soil - especially in pots without drainage holes. I think I've been slightly overwatering my plants for a long time, and hopefully, this tool will prevent me from continuing to do so. Super easy to use (you literally just stick it in the soil) and read. It's definitely worth $10
Really was hoping this would work. I read the reviews and it was hit or miss so I guess I just got a defective one. No matter what I put it says dry. Except when I submerged it in water and it only said it was moist lol
I used this moisture meter numerous times and it just isn't accurate, my plant could be just watered and it never read right, I followed the instructions that were provided but it always seemed to read the same moisture level.
I don’t know if this ever worked. When I first bought it, it would briefly move to “moist” immediately after being watered, but would move back to dry soon after. It’s been parked at dry despite watering a for a couple months now. As pictured, it’s stays on dry even when in a cup of water.
I bought this so that I could properly water my house plants. It does not work at all. It reads dry on ALL plants even after watering them. I was very hopeful but this is disappointing to have wasted money on.
This meter doesn't work at all. I tried it a day after watering, said the soil is bone dry. Tried it one hour after a rainfall, still says the soil is bone dry.Returned it as defective, would not buy again.
I haven't had a problem with this meter so far, unlike some reviews which said it fell apart. I don't jam it into rocks or super-hard soil, and wipe it clean if there's any dirt or moisture clinging to it. I have several very large houseplants in very large pots, and it's impossible to tell how much water has accumulated at the bottom of the pot without this sensor meter. Very useful.
I like this single probe moisture meter.  I had a double probe one that measures both moisture and PH but I find it too big to use for my compact and dense succulent arrangements.  I'm glad to have this single probe meter which does not disturb the plants as much.
I agree with a former reviewer if you follow the simple instructions it works great!  I was shocked that the soil that looked dry was moist to wet at the bottom, I would have easily OVER watered the majority of my plans !This is a great plant tool and will be buying for friends that are killing their plants and cant answer the question" too much water? too little water? "Problem solved !Buy it ! so worth it !
Piece of junk!  The tip broke off while I was using it, but didn't notice it at first, so all my readings were false.  Tossed it out immediately.
Never owned a soil moisture sensor but my snake plant was showing signs of root rot even though the soil felt dry to the touch (even two inches down). This sensor showed that the soil was extremely moist down deeper.  I was shocked but it makes sense with the rot the plant was experiencing. Love the 18 month warranty too!
I purchased 2 of these in late March.  They are now registering only "dry" and that is after I have watered the plant.  I have cleaned them after each use and don't understand why they would stop working after such a short time!
Meh. I could put this in freshly watered soil and it still won't read outside of the "red" (dry) zone. I haven't used it since I realized this. Mine could have been defective, because it was personally recommended to me by someone who really likes theirs.
Does exactly what it is supposed to do😉.  Very helpful for those of us with a brown-thumb💐🌸WARNING… do not leave meter stake inserted in pot after testing. I ruined one because I thought I could just constantly monitor😕
