First, let start out with the pros.Pros: $5 for the year can't be beat. It has enough content for justify the price and some of the designs are really pretty. The recipes are easy to follow.Cons....cons cons cons: The ads. The amount of ads kill the overall enjoyment of the magazine. I thought the reviews were exaggerating before I subscribed, but holey moley. There are more ads than actual magazine content. The ads are in almost every single right page. And then to fit more ad space they add it to the left page (picture included).This kills the flow. You'll be reading this small article in miniscule text with barely visible images and then you go to continue and you have to flip through an ad or two to continue.I just want to be able to see what I'm reading and looking at clearly. The ads take up an entire page of blank space at times and then BH&G crams 2-3 page article in a single page.The garden section of the July issue was pretty much non existent. It shows potted plants on white backgrounds. At least Photoshop a background to get some design layout inspiration. It was poorly executed.Another thing, this magazine is poorly mailed.When I subscribed it said I wouldn't get my first issue until July! I would have to wait more than 3 months for the first issue. To my surprise June's issue arrived early May. But then July's issue I got yesterday (July 13), and it discusses 4th of July tips, recipes, design ideas and such....which would have been nice to have BEFORE the 4th.If you're going to be paying more than $5 a year for this subscription, don't bother. For $5, it's good enough to clip out a few recipes and design ideas.Honestly, once fall ends I'll probably be cancelling.
A lot of advertisements. Not for me.
I don't believe that people actually eat all of these recipes.  Some of them were downright weird.
Paper quality is so poor on the print that images blend with opposite pages, wish it was a little more quality because I love old good housekeeping
Great way to pass the time in quarantine!  I enjoy the DYI PROJECTS AND COOKING IDEAS!
Its a classic mag at great price
Just like I remember. Lots of good ideas
Love this magazine
When they have a $5 sale it's the real deal. I actually got an entire year for five dollars without any tricks or scams.
$5 for a year subscription
ONE OF MY FAVORITES
Not impressed with
I love this magazine!!!
It is not worth it. They take out 5.00 that is for 12 months and you don’t even get 12 money before they take out 18.00
I like the articles on gardening
too mainstream, middle america for my California taste. Too traditional.
This is the worst experience I've had since I bought it!
Not very quick articles.
i dont like
Do not waste your time. I've been a subscriber to BH&G for almost a decade. It used to be a fav... now it's total trash. Only sub if they give it to you for nothing! They should be find by the govt for contributing to landfill space! Total waste of ink, time, resources. Its like they must only have 2 plp working there now! TOTAL! I'm not wasting another dime. Fierce review I know but sub & you'll be reviewing next!
I grew up with Better Homes and Gardens in the 70's and 80's. I even got a subscription for a few years when I was married in the 90's. I came across one of my old 90's edition's I had saved and put it on the table next to this current edition. First of all, the one from the 90's was double the thickness. There were WAY more articles and picture's and great content. The current editions of BH&G contain more advertisement that content. I literally went through and counted the number of pages from front cover to back cover and more than 1/2 of the pages were advertisements. I realize this is probably to do with so much info/ideas being able to be looked up on online but there was not enough content in this to warrant anything past the $5.00 for 6 issues. I'm disappointed but glad I didn't pay retail price!
The magazine is literally full of ads. This used to be one of my favorites.
Nice magazine with lots of ideas and recipes. I still order magazines because I just like the feel in my hands but of course they are not as thick as they used to be.
Nice
Love this magazine! Got them on sale! Get them here!
That's right, the logistics are fast,
good
Not what I remember. Very sparse topics.
SO glad to have my subscription back and at a killer price!
