Just so everyone knows. When you go to connect the camera. DO NOT USE THE QR CODE IN THE INSTRUCTIONS. That code is for finding the app or something stupid. The instructions do not tell you that you are supposed to scan the code on top of the camera itself. There is absolutely nothing that tells you to that there is a code on the camera itself. So much frustrating time wasted baking in the sun waiting and waiting for search times. I almost returned the camera... Then upon disassembly we noticed the code on top of the camera and tried it in one last desperate effort. Instant connection... So 3 stars for that. Otherwise great camera so far. I love its tracking feature. And it has great night vision.
This is a great camera overall and a very good unit for home surveillance applications. The packaging is good an it comes with everything you need to get started. It is nice that a mount is included. I mounted the unit on rails on my second story balcony overlooking my front yard. The angle of view is very good - it is pretty wide angle so you can cover a good sized area. The image quality is great both during the day and at night. It is nice that at night when a street light is on the camera stays in color. When it flips to the IR black and white mode the image quality is still good. The amazing feature of this camera is the human detection and auto tracking. I get a push notification through the mobile app almost instantly when a person is seen by the camera. I haven’t really gotten any false alerts from it so far which is nice. The camera was a little bit tricky to get connected to my WiFi at first but it was because I was a little bit beyond the recommended 15 ft max distance from the WiFi router during initial installation. Once you bring the camera working the recommended 15 ft radius it was pretty easy to get it added to the mobile app. The app is pretty easy to use and has all the features you would want. Overall I think this camera is a great value for the price and would recommend it, especially for home surveillance because it had the built in WiFi and you only need to supply power to the camera.
I have recently had to deal with neighbors who were trying to strong arm me. I filed a police report and purchased a full blink system and added two of these 360 cams. To my delight, these work with my new Alexa equipped home and I can view all cams with my echo. I will be adding the smaller version for indoor to add to my system. I really wanted a CCTV system so I can run it around the clock...just didn't want to deal with the time it would have taken to wire it up so I opted for my current setup. It's a nice blend of battery powered cams and two of these powered devices cutting the setup time since I wanted security much sooner than later. One of the drawbacks with blink is that you are only able to record up to 5 min at a time. They are great cams for catching things as it happens but these 360 cams really surprised me with the fact that I've had them running and recording for the past 12 hours straight. They are fully automated and I smirked every time the camera tracked anything that moved lol. They always reverted back to point of origin which is awesome since monitoring a specific area is important to me. With my Samsung connected to my computer, I'm able to watch my blind spots without touching my phone. I wanted to close with how impressed I am with the quality of the recording. Very confident that with these cams and my blink system, any unlawful actions will be caught on cam which will be key to pressing charges. If you are on the fence, don't be. This is security at a very very reasonable price point :)Update: 10-11-21Pro...err n00b tip since I'm also learning :)The software will record 24/7 as long as you have Smart Scene set up. I have mine set to "Tap Perform to start..." and then the action is "Record Video". I named this Smart Scene as 24/7 Cam. Now you can have multiple Smart Scenes set up and I have this one combined with Scene's that record when motion isdetected. So while you are recording a 24/7 clip, the camera will still record separate videos anytime the motion is detected. This comes in handy so that you don't have to sit there and watch the full 24 hour video since the motion detected videos are saved in another folder. You will have to click record to activate the 24/7 recording and I would suggest clicking on the "Pop-out picture in picture" mode once recording starts. This will allow your recording to continue while giving you access to the rest of your phone. This comes in handy since I'm using this + Blink, Echo, Arlo, Smart Home and Alexa to control everything on one device. My phone also went to sleep mode but the recording did not skip a beat! Lastly, the manually recorded clips are contained in your local file under the user tab on the bottom right. Sorry if some of this is super basic. This is just what I've learned in the past week of operating and staring at my security system making sure the unstable people are captured if they try anything less than smart. Stay safe everyone!
Cannot use this camera with the app or connect directly with port 80 for setup.  The app required the device password which is not admin therefore NOT usable.  WIFI direct to the cam does not work for the same reason, garbage......waste of time ordering this and returning it.  The doc says the pwd should be on the cam labeled as safety, but it is not... No possible way to use this device!
This a must have product from Imou! I already have the Bullet 2MP and the Cue 1080p camera for a year already, but I needed one that includes Pan mode, and I like the easy Pan & Tilt feature on this one, beautiful night vision color mode and the smart tracking feature. Also for nightvision mode, you can choose wether on motion detection, turn spotlights on and get full color video or just IR recording. It has two spotlights which is very bright. I like how the camera goes in the moving object and record instantly. The Cruiser model is a must have into your shop or home outdoors.
So far so goodCamera was pretty easy to get connected to WiFiDoes a good job letting me know if there’s movementWould like motion tracking to be a little betterWould recommend this cameraHopefully I can say the same a year from nowI have went thru 3 other cameras so far.... they didn’t work well after some time
I can’t say enough great things.  Option of local storage so I wasn’t held hostage to paying cloud subscription… picture quality is amazing.  I bought mine so I can “catch” the animals eating all my flowers.  Since installing a few weeks ago- watching all the crazy wildlife has become an evening ritual.  Can’t say enough great things about these camera
Great camera. Easy to set up and use. Great picture quality. I like the human recognition and tracking ability. I only had it a few weeks but it works great. I’m not using the cloud services just the memory card. Zero issues
My 3 cameras were kept disconnected from the Wi-Fi almost every 3 weeks even though it's only 6 feets away from the router, i have the powerful router that can reach 50 ft away. All cameras been install at outdoor of 2 floor of 2 story house and need at least 20 feet of ladder to climb up to reconnect to the Wi-Fi. The qualities were good but not reliable.Update 12/3/21I contacted the support from china regarding the problem that i had faced, the only thing that they suggested to change the IP address on every single camera without the further instructions how to do that. I sent the email asking about how and until now there's no replied from them, now I am stuck with this camera that kept disconnected from the WIFI every week.
I received this camera and waited to have someone install it for me because of my age and disability. When they unboxed it, the power cord was damaged and could not even be plugged into the camera! I contacted Amazon who allegedly contacted the supplier..IMOU...and I was told another power cord would be sent to me. I still have no power supply cord so no working camera. Total waste of money!
The camera is cute. I like it so much. And it is very easy to connect the router. I just followed the instructions in the Mobile APP, without the user manual. It has pretty nice picture quality. I can see everything clearly outside of my door. The pan and tilt are awesome function. I can control the camera from the APP to watch around. It is really cool.
2 thing I dislike this camera because the 2ways talk and siren function not working cause every time I clicked in microphone it will bug me out and make the camera go offline.
Great product, beats those expensive PTZ camera by a landslide.Worth every penny!
It came quick, & wasn't hard to assemble and put up and the video & picture quality is perfect. The night vision is good on it as well, definitely was satisfied with this purchase & will purchase another one in the future for sure!
Very easy to setup. Works well. But does not track motion. Lights only flash as a warning not to illuminate area.
WIFI won't work ( cannot pair camera and router even if they are in the same room). MY IMOU purchase works only via ethernet cable.  So keep it in mind in case you should experience wifi issuesedit: 5 stars for the  assistance. Even if my issue has not been resolved ( it seems wifi module is defective), i give credit to imou direct USA for trying to help me and being so gentle and super professionalPs: sorry for my syntax errors. I'm not American or born native English speaker .
The product is amazing. the human identification and motion is unreal.
Personal favorit.
Extremely happy with camera. Lots of good features. I liked it so much I ordered 2 more.

Amazing Product it worked wonderful im definitely gonna buy more products
I like it
Apparently I need a safety code to even access the camera and finish up setup and don’t know where to retrieve it. Not to mention no one replied to the email I sent out 4 days ago smh and Amazon tech support wasn’t any help
Quality of the picture is outstanding.
I have a swimming pool in my backyard and wanted to make sure I could see if kids were swimming to make sure everybody is safe.
I Love Imou cameras. They are very reliable. Easy to install.
Does everything I need it to and at a good prices. Reliable and decent camera quality.
Always off line
Great day & night vision…picture quality is totally awesome!!
Just didn’t like having to buy an sd card
Non stop notifications and all it does is record rain drops hahaha picture ain't bad tho
Excelente imagen
con una memoria de 128 GB graba 6 dias
Works great and I feel safe with it.
Ill be buying more
Good quality image
Excelente camara muy buena calidad
This camera was bought to replace a stationary camera. The purpose was to not only be able to move the camera around the back yard but also have human detection capabilities. Set up was a breeze and the mounting style actually works well. Four screws and you’re done. It requires an outlet for power, so keep that in mind when installing it.  Downloading the app and setting up the camera was smooth. Camera image and video is crystal clear.  The white led lights are very bright and work great at night. The infrared lights work well too.  WiFi connectivity works even better. The two large antennas allow it to lock on to the signal nicely. Overall, I’m very impressed with this camera. Solid build and great image quality.
The quality of this camera is outstanding.  It has excellent day time viewing and honestly has the best night vision i have seen yet of any wired or wireless camera.  Two way audio is very good overall, very little lag time and very distinct.  I like this brand over any brand yet I have installed or owned but I could not give it a 5 star rating.  I've had issues with connectivity of this wireless camera at even short range.  Also, the ptz function is not very responsive,  either it works or it just doesn't work at all.  For the price and picture quality this camera is the best option yet for wireless camera systems.
For less than 100 bucks you can't beat this ptz. Very few have full color video at night, let alone clear and crisp color video. The motion tracking works well and having a home position to to return to is great. You can save multiple favorites and quickly pan to them. Wifi connection has been stable and the external antennas actually work unlike some that are for looks. The only issue I had with it was the flashing spotlight which was quickly fixed. Customer service is quick to respond. I would definitely recommend this ptz.
There is a lot to like about this camera. Amazing clarity. Great range of motion. But no matter how I set the sensitivity or to only report human movement, I get 6 or 7 false alarms and have to shut it up. Luckily there are no neighbors nearby, because the alarm would wake them. It just seems to register intruders when bugs and moths fly by. Oh, and the documentation/user guide is worthless.
Surprisingly Huge and bulky, flood light is not a flood light, and sirens is as loud as a cell phone at best.
Arrived broken and wouldn’t sync with the app. Horrible experience. Buy something reliable.
Fast delivery, good price, great
I’ve been searching for a good camera for awhile and this camera is the best everything is good about this camera and I like how if I have more Imou brand cameras I can view them all at the same time
