I also had an issue with the mount and spent an hr trying to secure it on with no luck. I am tech savvy so this thing shouldn't be as hard as it is to simply mount the doorbell to the mount. I just put my return in and was just frustrated all around. To get a new one would take almost a week. I decided to take a breath and a dab. I sat down and closely looked at the backing and the mount. YOU HAVE TO put alot of effort into sliding the mount on. Once you closely look at how the inserts go in line it up and push REALLY HARD sliding the doorbell down. It will slide and lock into place. It shouldn't be this hard to put on and I can see why people are leaving poor reviews. Trust me on this though and don't give up!UPDATE: day 2 and so far so good. I've realized the reason for it being so hard to put the mount on, its to make it VERY sturdy when the doorbell is attached. I've read a review talking about this being easy to steal and I would have to disagree. The door bell isn't going anywhere unless someone takes a hammer to it. The picture quality is really good, the picture I uploaded to this review doesn't compare to the live feed view on my iPhone. This doorbell comes with an "armed" and "disarmed" mode so when you're not wanting 100 notifications because of birds flying by your doorbell you can disarm and when you leave the house or go to sleep you can arm, I found this convenient.UPDATE#2: Its been over a month now and no problems whatsoever! I went out and bought a 128GB flash drive to put into the module and now my recordings are being saved straight to that. This makes life a lot easier when accessing stored clips and transferring that data to a PC. The doorbell is still nice and tight and working like a charm. For the price you cant really go wrong with this doorbell combo. I suggest purchasing the combo and not the stand alone doorbell itself unless you already have a module in your home.
A few years ago I was excited to see that BLINK had a doorbell announced at CES so I committed to a multi-camera setup. After it became apparent it wasn't being released, I purchased a RING doorbell and subscription plan begrudgingly. The minute I saw the pre-order for this, I instantly grabbed one. Excited to have everything in one ecosystem, the anticipating and re-excitement from years ago was there. During the waiting period I realized someone pointed out, which at the time was NOT listed on the pre-order page, that you need a Sync-2 module to save the footage/rings. I had a spare but it could have been annoying. Fast forward to today when I received it. It looks beautiful and is a slim profile but the mounting bracket is an absolute joke. 2 shallow screws and no thumbail screw to lock the device in, this could easily be ripped out of the wall within 2 seconds. Combine that with the amount of pressure needed to lock this device into place, theres no doubt in my mind that after a year of changing the batteries some of these small clip/brackets on the plate will indeed snap. The image quality is way too HDR and totally blown out by the sun and bright daylight in the sky, creating a darkness on the face of whoever rings the bell which surprise, kind of defeats the purpose. Lastly, the fact that Amazon did NOT have the mount was the cherry on top. The email they sent later allowed us to order the corner mount free of charge, but inside the blink app it states that it should come with a couple different mounting plate options which it did not. So all in all, I prefer the Blink ecosystem to most and physically this doorbell is great but for something in R&D for 3+ years you definitely dropped the ball on the easiest pieces of the puzzle, especially for a company that owns RING which has an excellent mounting package in the box.
I got this and just mounted it. I will say that the instructions are not very detailed but being tech oriented I was able to figure everything out. I added the blink app and connected the sync 2 module up using the app instructions which were fine. I did buy a 256gb usb for internal storage which was detected in the app. Once the sync module was up I added the batteries to the camera but left the back off. In the app you add the device as a doorbell and follow the setup. Once done I took the back outside and started to mount it. Prior to mounting you have to leave a small space on the side so you can put the cover on. In my case I left a little on the left. Mine is mounted on the trim which is on a corner so I did use 2” screws with the same thickness as the ones provided and also took a little clear weather caulk to give it as seal. Don’t cover the contacts on the back. The longer screws hopefully with deter someone from stealing it but my neighbors has been up for months. These screws were long enough to get to the wood door frame. I did change the 10sec delay to 15 so less pics are taken as we are coming and going. Quality looked good on a cloudy day so I’ll have to see how night is as well. So far I like it. We shall see how the battery does. I’m adding the fact that once the 30 day trial ended my local storage took over; however, not having the sub takes away the ability to delete more than one at a time. That’s ridiculous
UPDATE 2: Bought 2 more on sale Black Friday. At this point I'm too heavily invested in Blink to totally toss the thousands of dollars I've spent on Blink. I like the Doorcam for the money. The wide angle is different and applicable for my setup at another house. Image quality is good although I will say on one of my doorcams the image is blurry on the left side. 🤔🤨The sound settings need adjustment. They have since added a ringer volume since my last review. This ringer volume doesn't change the volume your phone puts out when it notifies you all that much. The speaker volume controls how loud the doorbell chime is AND the speaker volume when you talk. This is counterintuitive. The ringer volume should control the chime volume. If you turn down the speaker volume when someone presses the doorbell yes it lowers the volume but when you try to talk the volume for that is also low. They can easily fix that.TRIAL PERIOD ISSUE: If you buy 1 camera and hook it up you get a 30day free trial giving you access to the original features offered which is why I bought this system before they bait n switched everyone but if you buy more like I did and hook them up at the same time because you want to secure your stuff your trial period is still 30days.So I have figured out and it's somewhat of an inconvenience is to hook up each camera after the trial period so you get your 30day free trial for every camera you purchased. Example I purchased 4 of these cameras. I hooked 1 up got my 30day free trial then hooked up my 2nd to get its 30day trial. I will have to wait to hook up my other 2 otherwise I loose my free trial for those.I found this out with the other Blink cameras. I had 30days was on like 21days left hooked up Another camera and it reset. I lost those 21days. So to extend the free trial you basically have to hook up each camera one by one to get the full 30days for each camera. On my account with the amount of cameras I've purchased I should get like 3yrs of the "extra" features. But I lost them because I hooked up all my cameras together and before the expiration of the trial. 😐 Blink would be 5stars if they put back those features that they are charging for. 😤UPDATE: Fanboys without verified purchases or pictures and videos not understanding what " difficult " means throwing shade. Yeah. 🙄 Read what I wrote. It explains what I mean by difficult and it does not come with a wedge. I ordered the camera only. 2 of them. I do not see any packages right now that throws in a wedge. You have to buy those separately. The reviews are to review the product. This is not a comment section on YouTube or Facebook. Grow up. Experiences circumstances vary. Understand. 😉👍The Good: Camera looks good. Bigger than I thought it would be but it's a good size that draws attention to say hey I'm a doorbell with a camera and I look like a serious thing. Press me I'm going to make a loud noise for you. Picture quality is good so is sound falls inline with the other cameras. Turn on notifications and you get a doorbell with about a second delay. This is cool if I'm in the back in my pool. Works slightly faster than getting a notification that it recorded some motion. 👍The Bad: The mount is difficult to mount. Finding a good spot is hard. When you do find a spot they give you a template and drilling screws is not much of a problem. But they didn't think about the various types of doors or any recess like the door frame. My front door is not flush flat with the front of my house. I have a little entrance way. Here's where the nice wider angle becomes useless as I see a lot of brick and a smaller viewing area. 😕 This also affects night vision as the brick whitewashes half the image.Where my existing doorbell is there's ridges. The mount doesn't sit flush. The instructions ask if I'm going to use a wedge. What wedge? There was none included. I placed it at the same height as my doorbell but prefer it to be lower so I get more of the ground than the sky. There's the other difficulty. Finding the right height. Picture yourself in front of it because you can't be behind it or move out of the way to adjust because there is no swivel adjustment.Good thing I didn't drill holes. I used double sided tape. Getting the "mount" which is also the back door on the camera is a bit tricky. It is easier once the mount is stable on something to maneuver the camera on but you have to have the mount perfectly flat because it flexes. Probably why people are having a hard time mounting the camera because they did not install the mount perfectly flat for that put on by top then slide down thing.I purchased 2 of these one black one white. I made my own magnetic mount. Sure someone can come along and take it off my door but that one I have on my back door patio. What they need is a door mount. An over the door mount. It would be secure and easily height adjustable and removable. No drilling. They have them for other doorbell cams but none of them currently say they fit this one. It's a simple thing that Blink could make but they left a lot to aftermarket. 😐The Ugly: I initially loved the Blink system as it was battery powered and the batteries last well over a year as I still have yet to replace them. 👏 But then Blink decided to make their customers pay for certain features because no one wanted to sign up for their cloud service. That was a dirty greedy move. I have spent thousands of dollars buying cameras and modules and accessories for my Blink cameras. They also throttle performance and occasionally mess up your system so you have to call them or continually reset your system. They will deny it but why do you think all your footage goes to their servers first. 🤔  The system would be faster if it didn't have to. I like the entire Blink cameras and system but I do not like the bait n switch they did. It's funny every time I buy a camera and get a free trial period everything works great then it goes to crap requiring resets and everything once your trial period is over. 🤨One of the appealing things when I purchased Blink was that free cloud storage and all the features n options it had. I would have been better off buying a real security system that records all day long with motion alerts n recordings that are not limited to 30 or 60 seconds with a 10 second retrigger time. There's a lot of things Blink cameras miss. A LOT. If you want an expensive baby monitor for the occasionally look see this is it. If you want or need a serious home security system save your money and buy a real system.Stop with the monthly charge subscription greed and I will never link my Amazon account to Blink. You guys are nuts. Go back to giving customers what you set out to give. I love Amazon but the Blink division needs an overhaul. 😉👍
There’s a few more steps to set up, and requires a blink sync for completely wireless use. Camera quality is there, wish the box came with double stick tape, but I managed. To set up the chiming on an Alexa you’d have to have the skill installed once it’s installed it recognizes the doorbell. For the price features and true wirelessness! I recommend!
I got this doorbell because it’s cheaper than the Ring one. It was easy to set up. Two screws into the door frame and I was able to slide it on. The camera works well and I was able to link it to all my Alexa stuff. I did the no wire worked and it works well!
This product is structurally defective, don't even attempt buying this, all you are getting is a poor quality camera that cannot be mounted on any surface, if you want to buy a camera that can't be mounted anywhere without the use of duct tape this will surely be that.
I just installed this and it seems to be working fine so far, not more than an hour on it so far. I got the sync module to work fine and it is all hooked up. The door security mount is terrible, it would take someone no time at all to steal it, the set screw that you had on the other model seemed like a better option. But this thing is just out there for the taking, also the 6 retainers that are on this take a bit of time to figure out that you have to push down with enough pressure for them to set and hold. Do you have a recommendation for a better security mount since this one is really bad.
If you are like me you are a happy existing Blink Camera user who is thinking about adding the door bell to your existing setup. I had a blink camera setup aiming at my front door so at first I was not too sure that I really needed the door bell.  However for the cost I am very glad I got one.  There are a couple of things to know:(1) If you are an existing Blink customer, you do not need a second sync module.  All you need is the door bell and you can simple add it to your existing account (as easy as adding an additional camera).(2) If you are planning on hardwiring the blink doorbell to your existing doorbells wires. . . . you still have to use 2 AA batteries to power the camera.  This did not make sense to me as I figured my hardwires would power it, but sure enough after calling Blink support I realized I needed to put the AA batteries in the camera.  The hard wire will allow your blink doorbell to ring the doorbell in your home but will not power the camera.(3) You can turn on motion detection or just have the blink door bell turn on when the door bell is rung.  This is a nice feature.  If you want to catch anyone that comes to your door (whether they ring the bell or not, you can simple turn this feature on in the app).  If you want to save battery life and are only interested in door bell ringers you can turn motion detection off.(4) It has two way audio, meaning you will always hear the person at your door. . . . but you can also choose to speak to the person if you choose.  For me the audio the person at the door hears comes across a little staticky, but that could be my phone or the fact that I am using the corner mount.(5) It has more of a fish bowl view so it catches a wide view (meaning it can cover most of your front porch)(6) There is no additional cost to having the Blink doorbell or camera system.  Unlike other door bell systems out there, there is no additional cost to the Blink Doorbell.  The app is free, cloud storage is free, downloading images or videos is free, etc.If you are looking to set it up with just batteries and no wiring to an existing doorbell system, setup is a breeze (will take two minutes).  If you are looking to hard wire it, it is still pretty easy.  I am not a handy man and what I know about electricity will shock you (get my joke) but even I was able to hard wire it.  Get the doorbell, you will be glad you did.  Hope this review helped.
This is a hard camera to mount. It requires you mount the bracket in place very tight before trying to attach. It requires a lot of force then slide down in place. The first one I received was impossible and seem latch was broke. But Blink directly reached out to me and sent another one quickly. It went on and looks good, but like I said requires a lot of downforce. Needs to be a better design.
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration-:-Loaded:0%Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.In my opinion this is a good product but reason for 1 star is because of the simple design defect and waiting about 1 month for the release of this product. I love blink products but this is something that must be addressed because I see I’m not the only one having this issue. The waterproof seal is a defect either it’s to thick or the seal is to hard and won’t compress enough to allow you to put the back end onto product. Sadly that’s the only fix or blink sends a new seal. In my opinion it’s such a simple defect hopefully someone from blink sees my review and try’s to correct this some how. I’m a tech enthusiast and love all of blinks products but just hate to see the product fail because of a simple flaw after it took a while to test this for consumers. Will later change it until there’s a update in design and there is a fix for this
Battery door broken and would not attach right out of the box.  Returning for replacement, hopefully just a fluke.
I thought I'd have a problem with the technical setup, but I assumed mounting it would be a cinch.  I had it backwards.  I did call tech support to help with setup, but that turned out to be easy.  The mounting instruction video makes it look so easy -- press, slide it down, and it's on.  I can't tell you how many times I watched that video and tried, over and over again, to get it to click on.  I was ready to hit it with a hammer to see if that might make it snap into place, but the guy on tech support advised against it.  I really wish I could have gotten it mounted, because I liked everything else about it.  I'd say it has a definite design flaw.
After doing all the installation then trying to close it as per instruction… guess what, it does not close. Going back to Amazon.
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration-:-Loaded:0%Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.I had already had to blink exterior cameras so when I had the chance to pre-order the doorbell camera I jumped on it. The doorbell camera does its job. Image quality is great day, and night. At night time the infrared is good allowing you to have good clarity and resolution. You get quick notifications when someone is at your door. You can set it to capture any motion at your property. You can set focus areas, and private areas. You can set the length of record time from 5 to 20 seconds.  The placement of the doorbell we'll also impact what's your camera picks up. But after having had and installing various types of doorbell cameras from Ring and more. I'm satisfied. Why go and buy a $100, or $200 option when you can purchase of $50 option that is just as good.Sure there are some drawbacks, but they will be drawbacks with all of them. If I had to point out any one drawback is that the cameras motion capture has a cool down before it can record again.Example: if the camera has a view of the street and 2 cars go by, the second car could go by without ever being captured on video if it wasn't recorded in the same clip as the first car.You can extend to about of time each clip is allowing you to get more footage. But longer record times use more battery life.I got this one because I already had a hub, and 2 cameras I can capture any, and everything that comes my way. All my Amazon packages are safe, and I know whose at my door Everytime.Bravo, and thank you Blink.
The mounting bracket is almost impossible to mount. If you do get it on and take it off again good luck putting it back. I went back to my $7 doorbell and camera above the door.
The Blink video doorbell + sync module 2 might be somewhat OK if you want to continue to utilize the cloud storage option (free 30-day trial is activated by default - probably so you think it works better than it actually will once you cancel the cloud service), but if you're planning to use this setup for local motion-activated recording to a USB stick,  I STRONGLY advise against it. I spent 4 hours last night trying to get the local storage working, and while I would receive motion alerts on my phone, it never once recorded any video. I tried 3 different USB thumb drives, all formatted in exFAT with a PC and with the sync module. Spent over an hour on the phone today with tech support, and while he connected to both the sync module and doorbell repeatedly (and did several reboots) he couldn't figure out the problem either. Then he asked me to download some sketchy app that collects all kinds of info about the health of my home network, and sends it off to who knows where. Yeah, I'm not going to do that. I offered to provide him whatever "health" info he needed about my network by using one of the apps I already use to monitor my "network health", and he said I had to download that specific app because it's required as the next step in troubleshooting, or he could no longer help me. I also tried troubleshooting using their online support, and encountered endless "502 Bad Gateway" errors.Other factors you might want to know:Even if you do finally get the local storage working, according to Blink's website, videos are first transferred to Blink's servers, and then to your USB storage - so you're still dependent on Blink's servers, which is also something that can be taken away or made a "Premium" feature in the future.Summary: If you're wanting local storage (a feature that appeals to many of the people interested in this product), this product is FAR from being ready for prime time, and the tech support infrastructure is terrible. AVOID!
Everything was fine with this except it wouldn’t attach to back cover that attaches to your wall. Kind of a big deal I think. Very poor design to say the least. Come on Blink redo it and fix this.ADDENDUM: I sent this back and left this review, I was contacted by Blinks service department who offered to send me another on on them to see if  it would work better. I agreed and received it two days later . Set it up and was successful mounting it! I am very happy with this product and now have 6 cameras and this doorbell at my house, very happy with all of them. Fantastic customer service to boot, can’t ask for more then that.
The instructions are a QR image that leads to the website which is of little help. The mounting side bracket doesn’t have screws and the process of how a wired connection goes beginning to end is unclear. This product, its design, instructions, and website were not ready for launch. Weighing whether to return or Jimmy it all together. UPDATE: went wireless instead of wired. Found the missing screws once I completely took apart the packaging. Doesn’t feel like Doorbell is quite right after numerous mounting attempts to slide it in as per video on Blink website.
The media could not be loaded.I've been a Blink customer since the beginning. I have every iteration of their products and was excited to see them offer a doorbell. That excitement wore off quickly after I installed their doorbell and soon turned to disappointment. Here are my issues with the doorbell:1. Short battery life. Even though it's connected to my 24VAC doorbell transformer, it still runs on battery power. I have burned through the first set of lithium AA's in less than 3 weeks of use.2. I had to purchase their angled mount ($8) separately because my doorbell button is low and the doorbell camera was cutting off the heads of tall people.3. Notifications. This is my biggest beef. Right now, if someone rings the bell, you get a  standard notification on your phone. You can also set your Alexa devices to make a voice announcement that the doorbell was rung. That's it. You don't get automatic  live video of the doorbell camera on the app or Echo Shows, Spots etc. You don't know who's there. I suspect this is a hardware limitation of the Blink system. When a Blink camera is recording, you can't pull up a live video feed. I'm doubtful that this critical feature will ever be added.
The back cover wouldn’t attach to the back right out of the box.
I have several Blink products and have been very happy with them.  This however has been a terrible experience.  Firstly, it took forever to get this connected to my Blink platform, continual error message and connection fails.Once I finally got this installed I could not get it to connect to my existing chime, despite the fact it met the required specs (16-24V). To me it felt like the metal connectors on the bell were not connecting to the back cover metal connectors.After clipping the unit on and off the back cover several times (attempting to make chime connection) one of the plastic connectors bent making reconnection between the bell and the back cover almost impossible.Finally the tiny flimsy metal connector in the bell snapped rendering the whole thing useless.
***update 11/13/21**Blink customer service contacted me via email and offered to send me a replacement unit due to the issue that I had below with the mount.  This one appeared to not work at first but I tried anyway and with more effort than felt normal to press down after the mount was screwed in, the replacement unit clicked into place!  For those having issues, I might suggest trying to press IN and DOWN quite hard.  It is not a great design since it doesn’t feel intuitive but it works and I would imagine that a thief would have a difficult time removing it.Original review:Wasn’t able to try out the features due to the mounting back plate refusing to click into place.  After trying for a very long time I checked out the reviews and found that many others are having the same problem.  Wait for an improved design before you buy.
This is the most ridiculous doorbell I have ever used.  THERE IS NO CHIME BOX INSIDE YOUR HOUSE, so the doorbell will not ring inside your house, so you will never know if someone is at your door, unless you are holding your phone and staring at the screen to see your "app notification".  How could they design a doorbell that does not have a way to attach a chime box inside your house so you can hear it ringing?  Sure is silly to go through the blink app at the end of the day to see how many people sat on your porch ringing your new high tech doorbell that does not chime in your house.  Not my normal experience with this innovative company.
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration0:06Loaded:27.88%0:00Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:061xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.Received this item yesterday. Was able to install the doorbell today. Fairly easy installation. Camera quality is good. I chose this doorbell because of the ability to wire it to my existing chime box in the house. My house was built in the early 80s & the original chime box is compatible & does ring when the doorbell is activated.Got the sync module 2 combo because I had the original sync module for my outdoor cams & wanted to upgrade to local storage. Ordered a Sandisk 256 gb usb drive & works wonderfully with the local storage.If this doorbell cam is anything like the outdoor cameras, I expect the night vision to be good. I tested the microphone & sound quality is as good as I expected.If you’re in the market for a camera doorbell, I do recommend this one. I’m late to the doorbell cam game & feel this was a good purchase.
I returned my initial camera for a couple of reasons.  I was issued a refund.  However, after several days (and maybe because of my background and I own multiple Blink cameras and my review - I was contacted by Blink and given another Blink Doorbell camera to test and evaluate.  Here is my first tip at eliminating some of the frustration of mounting the camera.Before you start drilling holes in your home to mount the camera - or ready to return the camera because you can’t get it to snap into the back-plate while in your hand or remove it once it is mounted.  Do yourself a favor and test-mount the back-plate on a scrap piece of  2" x 4", plywood, etc  (any piece of scrap wood will work as long as IT IS FLAT).  Doing this will let you test and see the ease at mounting and dis-mounting of this camera using the supplied tool.  Hey, if you can't get it to mount on a flat board that you can flip around here and there  - why in the heck would you want to drill holes in your home's door frame or brick and not be able to mount it?  That's only going to make you more aggravated - which is what I did with my first camera that I returned.I did the TEST-MOUNT myself.  And, in doing so - I think I have found what I call "the niche" for mounting and dismounting the camera.  Once it seems flush with the back-plate - push the camera upward until you hear a tiny "click".  That is the clip at the bottom locking in.  Use the supplied tool to unlock and repeat this again until you feel comfortable with mounting this on your door frame.NOTE - In my opinion, Blink offers one of the best customer support sites I have encountered.  If you have an issue - call them.  Over the past 2 years,  I have had to call them from time to time.  They have helped me with warranty issues and answered my questions to resolve my problems.
Seems like I am most people here that was confused on how to get the back panel of the doorbell camera to fit. You have to push down and slide the back panel up to lock it. I think of myself to not normally need directions/instructions however this should’ve been included. Also because it’s a newer product not many people are aware. (No YouTube videos or How-To’s online just yet. Hope this helps! Otherwise 4 stars.
If you have siding stay away from this doorbell.  The backplate is flimsy.  Even with a mounting block, the doorbell doesn't "click" into place.  I had to shim the back until it worked.  Horrible mounting process.  They need to release a fix for this backplate and send a new one to anyone who purchased this product.Update 11/21/2021:  Update from 1 to 4 stars.  Blink support reached out and sent me a mounting wedge at no cost.  The wedge is rigid, gives you a nice flat surface, and makes the mounting process much easier.  As far as how the doorbell itself works, it's doing a good job just like the other Blink cameras I have.
I’ve supported Blink since it was Kickstarter. Big fan, own 10 cameras. Was excited about a doorbell. Hate it. Mounting it on a stucco wall was pure misery due to the flimsy back plate and the worlds most stupid mounting design. Plate flexes so bad that aligning it to mount is next to impossible if mounted to an uneven surface. Tolerance is way too tight to get the plate back on when flexed even a little bit. And good luck finding that tool to open it back up when the batteries die. Needed tech support to get it recognized in Alexa, but to Amazons credit, they were quick, responsive and did a great job. Named it doorbell when I added it to my network, but now the announcement is “There’s someone at your doorbell”.  I’ve changed every name and setting I can find to front door. Still announces it as doorbell.I blame myself, should have waited for the 2nd generation. But in my defense, Blink has done such a good job on previous releases, and I consider them to be a mature manufacturer now, it never occurred to me they would release such a POS product. Skip this one and get the next generation, hopefully they learn quickly from their mistakes.
When assembling the doorbell I was not able to get the doorbell housing to attach to the mounting bracket. I could not find a YouTube video that might help. When I went to Blink site I saw several other complaints about the same issue.  The latching mechanism is a flimsy plastic pressure plate that broke in two when I attempted to attach it. I think a redesign is needed so the doorbell  can be securely attached to mounting plate.  I returned and asked for refund as I did not want to revisit the same problem.
Installation was extremely simple. Setting it up in the app even simpler. Video quality is pretty good in my opinion. It’s a great doorbell. Connected with to Alexa with ease. No chime needed.
The backplate is poorly designed and will not latch to the doorbell. I called customer support, they kept saying, “So the backplate is not compatible?” and then put me on hold and shortly thereafter hung up. I have been unable to use this for its intended function since I cannot affix the actual doorbell to the door. I’m going to try to call customer service again and ask for a replacement backplate (even though it is still a garbage design) and if I don’t get one, I’m returning it.
First my batteries are dead after one week and although my door bell is wired I am told the wires will not power my Blink... with no better explanation. The mounting screws are wrong, they have rounded heads which interfere with locking the doorbell on its mount. Flat headed screws would fix most of those problems. The base is so flimsy that you must mount on an absolutely flat surface or the doorbell with not lock on the base. There is no explanation of the dimensions needed by the base plate, I cut away too much moulding for lack of info. There should be a "wedge to angle the camera out from its corner in an installation like mine, there is only a wedge to look up not "over there". There should be a link or something to a primer on door bell types so people can trouble shoot things like "The wired installation will not power your door bell because...". All in all it seems like a Chinese product that would have been better if the developers were Americans who were familiar with American housing and doorbells. This product reminds me of an old Product Manager's mantra "Be Happy, Ship Crappy"; true this was so a product would ever ship at all because engineers are never ready to ship. Bottom line is it does not uphold the standards that Amazon sets for its products  and it should.Update:My original search for the "corner wedge" only found the "down wedge" however the corner wedge exists! I found it at the Blink Store section and it arrived today and looks great. It fixes a lot of issues.The afore mentioned dead batteries were a missdiagnosis. The door bell went off line the first day for a while but came back when I rang it. When it went off line again it would not ring (sense me thinking it was batteries) but instead I followed the WiFi reset procedure and it came back to life; it had to be re-added to the Sync 2 as a new door bell. Fortunately I renamed it the same so Alexa's Skill would not get confused. So there seems to be a WiFi issue. FWIW I run a top of the line Netgear router.Now on to another issue... Wired but no power!! The instructions say nothing about the possibility that your existing door bell may have a diode at its button. If a digital chime is added to an old mechanical set up as a replacement door bell there needs to be a diode in line to complete the full digital chime. Blink ignores this and and when you "set-up" the Blink door bell it makes you think a digital door chime cannot provide "Wired Power" so you have to run the Blink door bell on battery power. If you find the little diode (looks like a small resistor) under you old button you should install it one the new backing plate and tell the Blink Door bell Set-Up" that your door bell is Mechanical. Eh Viola suddenly your installation does provide "Wired Power"; what a huge difference wired power makes as you finish your set-up.SO let's see if my door bell stays on line now. Also the Blink support team has contacted me directly to offer help... that is impressive.
**** Updated!  After Blink saw my initial review, they reached out to me and sent a replacement.  I was able to install this one and it seems to be working as intended.  There is some lag time, but that's to be expected as all of the Blink cameras do the same.  I'm still trying to figure out how to make it work with my Echo Show.  It says it's connected, but it doesn't show on the Echo Show when someone rings the Doorbell. Maybe that feature isn't available yet?  I would really like it to be so that my girls can view it when they are home without having to have the app on their phone.  I'll be curious to see how long the battery lasts, but that will take some time before I can say anything about that.  I wish I could have wired it, but my house is a much older house and didn't have wiring available.  I will say I was extremely impressed with Blink's customer service and Haitham who reached out to me to make sure everything was working as intended with the new device.Original review:  Super disappointed. I was extremely excited to get this and try it out, and I got it all synced with my system and tried it out and it worked great! Unfortunately, the back piece that is supposed to be mounted to the wall that the doorbell snaps into didn’t work. Myself and my husband tried for quite some time to get it to snap together, and it wasn’t happening no matter how hard we pushed. It’s clearly a design flaw. Having to return.
Angle or corner mount recommended. Batteries required even for wired installation. Love wide angle view of doorbell camera. Only wired chimes supported.
The image only shows a wide angle view instead of a tall view so you can only see the upper half of the person. There is no way to see if there is a package at your doorstep . Tried using the wedge that is available but it made very little difference.  This is the wrong aspect ratio for a video doorbell, but works ok as a regular camera.
Out of the box set up only took maybe 10 minutes. The blink app walks you through the whole setup and I found this incredibly helpful. Take you’re time and don’t rush the setup out of excitement. I can see what others are saying about struggling to get the doorbell attached to the plate but really it was not very difficult. Just apply a bit of pressure and push down. The doorbell should go right into place. We are blink users so we already owned the sync mod 2 and external drive for extra storage so we knew we didn’t have to buy one BUT YES you need to have the sync mod 2 for the doorbell. Over all this was an easy walked through set up and we are happy thus far.Gave a 4/5 stars because it’s only day 1. Will update in a month
I have requested a replacement, which will take around 3 weeks to ship.Terribly disappointed with the make, as the back cover was already off when I opened the box and turned out that it was broken.Chatted with customers support who took a while to understand what I was saying, and eventually recommended me to order a replacement and return the current order.Hope the new one isn't in the same condition, else will switch to Ring I suppose.
UPDATE: I’ve had more use time with my Blink Doorbell Cam and I’ve now updated my previous review from a 3 to a 5.  As you’ll be able to read from my initial comments below, I had some issues with the Blink Doorbell generating chime audio sounds to my iPhone when the doorbell was rung.  However, the problem was not due to the Blink Doorbell but rather, the issue stemmed from the design of my Apple Watch.  Blink tech support proactively contacted me in regards to this issue, and have worked with me to understand the issue further.  In the meantime, Apple has provided a workaround in which I control from the Apple Watch App Notification settings, which iPhone apps I wish to have notifications sent to the watch.  By unchecking the Blink app notification setting, I now am able to hear the doorbell chime notifications from my iPhone.In addition, I’ve since become aware that I would be able to have the doorbell chime from Alexa capable devices.  So after testing the doorbell integration with a Echo Show, and an Echo Dot, the doorbell chime audio is no longer an issue now, because the doorbell chime echoes in several rooms along with my phone.And in the case of the Echo Show, I’m actually able to see video of who is at the door when someone depresses the doorbell or if I’m simply interested in what that strange noise was out front.Prior to switching over to the Blink Doorbell Cam, I had been using a first generation Ring Doorbell, and the performance on the Blink is a lot better.As a result of these events and associated results, I am now able to give the Blink Doorbell 5 stars and I can definitely recommend it to others.So I’m a longtime supporter of a Blink Cameras and they work so well, I thought I’d try their doorbell when it became available.  It’s a well made product physically, made of good quality materials.  You need not worry about that aspect.  It in terms of design, I have mixed emotions after setting it up on my door and using it.The first thing I noticed at night was that the night vision is almost useless for my particular home.  This is because like many homes, my front door is recessed into the front of the house a bit forming sort of an indented area.  As such, that’s where my front door light is located and it illuminates my front door area real well, with light bouncing off the walls.  With all that light surrounding the camera, seeing through it for nice vision is impossible.  What you wind up seeing is just a blackened area beyond the lighted door area.  I’m sure Blink engineers designed a great night vision camera for use in perfect conditions, but turning my front porch light off at night to allow it to work properly is just not an option.  So point number one.  If your door sits in a well lit area, consider whether night vision will work for any doorbell cam should you buy one.Second point.  I didn’t realize this when I bought the camera, but to date, Blink offers no way to connect the camera to a external chime accessory.  I knew this going in, but my results where mixed on the usability of a doorbell cam only chime audio, plus the ability to chime through my iPhone app.  I thought that would be ok.  After all, I have my phone with me all the time.  But the chime would not sound on either my iPhone or my wife’s.  We worked with Apple to understand why and we found out that if a user owns an Apple Watch, by default, when the watch is being worn (and is unlocked via it’s PIN), the iPhone will not play the Blink doorbell sound because the notification goes to the watch instead.  And when the watch sounds the Blink notification, it does not have the ability to play the doorbell chime sound.  The only notification you’ll receive is the standard “ping” sound that all notifications (regardless of app) plays for Apple Watch notifications.  So in effect, if you own an iPhone AND you’re an Apple Watch user, recognize that you won’t be able to hear the distinct doorbell chime audio on your phone when wearing your watch.  As far as the sound that does play from the door, it’s loud enough to hear indoors most of the time, but if you’re out in the backyard, you probably won’t hear it.  NOTE: I don’t want to write more of a novel than I already have here, but if you’re interested in understanding how to send the doorbell (and any other notification to your phone even while wearing your Apple Watch, contact support and ask them how to turn off notifications for specific apps in the Apple Watch app, to prevent them from going to the watch and forcing them to play on the iPhone).This brings up my 3rd point.  As far as i’m able to tell, the Blink Doorbell is only able to play the 1 audio chime that comes with it, if you opt NOT to hardwire your Blink Doorbell to an existing doorbell chime wiring.  We no longer have doorbell wiring, so I was happy to use the Blink Doorbell’s chime, but I was hoping there was an option to play a variety of chimes from the doorbell.  Sadly, this does not appear to be the case.  It’s not a showstopper for me, but that would have been a nice feature to have.As far as the app is concerned, if you’re a Blink user, you know that the Blink app is pretty good as far as features.  The one feature we like is the ability to “tune” where the camera has visibility to, to tone down false alerts from cars passing by.  For battery life on the Blink Doorbell, I can’t say yet if the battery life is anything like the Blink cameras, but I’m extremely happy with the battery life on the cameras.  I believe Blink touts up to a year.  I think I have some cameras that have not required a battery change for 8 months now, but this is dependent on motion sensitivity settings, camera video recording duration, etc.  So your mileage may vary.
Bought this over a Ring because I have no desire too have multiple apps for the cameras in my house.  Figured it'd be a "great value" Ring, since Amazon owns Ring also but Im pleasantly surprise by the quality. FYI, the wedge for an extra 25° of angle or tilt is already included in the box. I bought with the sync module 2.I have many Blink minis and Blink cams in and out of my house. The picture quality of this is on par with any other Blink cam and it gives a door notification when someone rings it. I have mine hard wired using the existing wires for my door bell. When I ring the the Blink it also rings by door bell ringer inside my house just like I wanted. To my knowledge the Ring Brand cams dont do this unless you buy a separate speaker. No extra speaker needed here. I cannot speak if you just use the battery only operation. I doubt their be any way to use you're existing door chime unless you hardwire this. Hard wiring is easy, their is no polarity since it senses it automatically.As far as the final mounting to the base on my wall, it is tricky. I see a few reviews on here just about how hard it is to clip onto the wall or saying its defective. You definitely need a bit a finesse to get it to pop/lock in to the base plate on the wall but its snug. Also it has a security key like things you have to use to remove so someone can walk up and easily snatch it off your wall.Overall its an excellent product for the price.
I was disappointed.  Description did not say you had to purchase an additional sync module to use live video.  This feature is always included with every other video doorbell.  This is misleading because the product is called a "Video Doorbell" but video is not included.Also, the packaging was so tight that it could not be opened without damaging the packaging.I have returned it.
I was excited to purchase this product because of the reviews and the quality.  Disappointed that I could not mount the backing plate to the wall without causing a bulge in the middle due to the wires coming out of the wall.  Because of the bulge, I could not mount the main unit onto the backing plate.  As expected, a tab broke off when trying to apply a ginger amount of pressure.  If it did go, it was only a matter of time before the main unit would pop off and prevent from doing its job.  Very poor engineering by not allowing enough room for the doorbell wires.  Something tells me there wasn't any or not enough product testing before sending to market.  Typical nowadays.  Unless you have a spacer between the back plate and the wall, I would not recommend this product.  I guess for the price, you get what you pay for.Update: 11/10/21I increased the stars to 3 because someone from Blink @ Amazon took the time to reach out to me, provide technical support and a new product to try again.  They’re taking this serious and that is hard to find these days.  I haven’t installed it yet but it does look favorable so far.  I will update again once the install is complete.  Thanks for the effort.  That alone is worth it to me.Update: 11/13/21Installed the doorbell today with the wedge.  Install went like it should.  Every doorbell should come with the wedge when purchased.  It provides the necessary space for the wires coming out of the wall.  Now, I will use it for the next month or so and provide another update.  Looking at getting cameras connected here soon to see how it all integrates. Again, thanks for the great support (Blink) on this issue.
I'm extremely disappointed in the poor built and quality control for the Blink Doorbell. The cover or backplate of the doorbell does not even fit and close properly. It keeps popping out. Blink customer service also was not available to help. The normal Amazon customer service representative simply sent a replacement. Hopefully the same issue does not happen again.Updated on 11/26/2021: Blink customer service was able to rectify my problem by sending me a replacement unit. The new unit works well, but still takes some effort to close the cover if you are not planning to mount it against a wall. The customer service representative who resolved my issue was very attentive and took notes on my feedback. I hope and encourage Blink to design future doorbells in order to provide a better customer experience. In general, the software, the camera, and the sync module work very well. There is some latency, but it does the job. The video quality in general and at night is decent, but don't expect to see minute details very well. The microphone does catch wind noise and there is a constant white noise sound. I appreciate how the cloud can save up to 60 days of video and the USB storage is convenient. The data files are not too large, so a 64 gb can last a long time. I've used the doorbell camera for a little less than a month and only 3% of data was used in my USB drive.
Finally my Blink cam system is complete. It took a long time for them to complete the doorbell but it seems like time was well-spent. The slim doorbell camera provides an exceptionally wide view of the whole area in front of the house.  Night vision is very good and as usual with Blink products everything is in the package.  So far my cameras theat I’ve already installed are doing well with the 2 lithium batteries AA in each and I’m amazed at the life. My prior doorbell camera was powered by slightly larger AA type batteries (2) and required weekly replacement which although they were rechargeable was a total pain in the butt. I stopped using it and when I saw Blink doorbell was about to come out , I preordered one and got it sooner than predicted. My outdoor cameras which use the same AA lithium batteries have been running for at least 2 months on the same batteries.  The guides say the batteries should last approximately 2 years , which remains to be seen , but they still show power level is ok and if necessary to replace any that have more activity sooner it is not difficult nor expensive to replace. I bought a 48 pack of Bevigor brand AA lithium batteries on Amazon for about $1. per battery and they are advertised as being better than the Energizer batteries as far as their leakproof design and I will review them once I start using them. I was impressed with the ease of adding cameras and doorbell to the smartphone app and the cameras have many reasonably priced accessories for mounting in different places and ways. As far as my research has shown: Blink cameras seem to be well designed and live up to their claims. Most people who’ve had them longer than I have are stating that the battery life is holding up and the new design uses either cloud storage at a monthly charge and/or a sync2 system that accepts up to a 256 GB thumb drive for local storage which makes the cloud storage unnecessary and saves us from paying monthly charges. There are many different packages or each item can be purchased separately. The usb storage device is less than $30. if bought separately plus the cost of whatever thumb drive you use with it. So far I have all 5 star ratings for the system and the accessories purchased for mounting were inexpensive and provided clips for hooking cameras to vinyl siding, clips for hooking tightly to sheds/trees/windows or anyplace with a spot to clip it, they also have accessories to provide 25-30 feet of electrical cord which can be used instead of batteries and they also make electrical powered Blink mini-cams which are good for small offices or rooms. I’ve even seen solar powered outdoor lights with a spot to add a camera to and I expect new items to be coming out as thought of. System is relatively inexpensive and can be started small and added too as finances allow if you cannot spend the $400. or so for a well equipped system. The cameras hold up well to weather in the northeast and are hearty little devices. As you see , I cannot say enough about the Blink system and I’ll add one more item. Amazon has bought the company and has everything available on their site. Don’t get fooled by “Blink Factory Store” which I ordered through 2 times and never received products which PayPal immediately refunded to my acct. Best deal is Amazon or most stores that carry it will probably match their prices.
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration-:-Loaded:0%Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.The camera works great but the design is defective and I have to use tape to mount it. The bell will not mount to the plate. I called and a new one was sent with the same exact issue. This is ridiculous I am probably going back to a regular doorbell.
Updated Review.Pros.1. Blink has by far the best customer service. Very responsive and easy to contact.2. Excellent price3. Integration with other Blink camera products4. Alexa integration5. Flexible settings to fit most needs and installations.6. Ability to use existing doorbell wiring.7. First doorbell defective. Did not detect motion.Cons.1. Mounting bracket is a nightmare to work with. Very difficult to secure camera to included mounting bracket. Plastic is to thin and flexes preventing proper attachment. How the unit slid over the mount to attach is NOT intuitive. Tip: Watch the installation video. If you need longer screws make sure screw head does not stick out as this will also prevent camera from attaching to mount. Use only the holes pre drilled on the bracket. This issue is known to Blink and I believe they are trying to come up with an updated mount to address all of these issues.2. Some setup instructions are not clear.3. I was not getting any motion detection from the camera. Customer service determined the unit was defective and sent a replacement. No issues with replacement.Tips:1. To access all features use with sync module which is not included. If you already have Blink cameras it will connect to your existing sync module. A battery only setup with no sync does not allow you to view the video feed unless someone rings the bell.2. If you are attaching to a home with Vinyl/Aluminum siding the camera may not sit flush. Consider purchasing a Blink doorbell wedge mount. You can also purchase a corner mount which tilts the camera in. I ended up buying the wedge mount and a Vinyl siding surface mounting block.3. I did not initially think my camera was getting power from the home wires as when I did attach it without batteries in it did not power on. You initially set it up with the batteries and need to scan the QR code on the back of the camera. I thought my home transformer may be an issue even though it meet the requirements listed. After you do the initial setup and install the camera go back and do the setup again where it will ask you about the wiring. There are additional setting in the camera menu concerning the home wiring option. Yes it still rings my interior chime which is nice.
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration-:-Loaded:0.00%Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.I see this camera I say than this is what any one neeed this days. Perfect price o think is well build  and easy connection setup was easy  thanks so much love the bell I have for my door sound on my phone a d I answer from phone good  the image was clear and the remember  to any one this is a signal  transfered so spect to see a delay ok camera system blink  ta Buena la Camara Buena imagen
Good luck on getting the door to secure to the back of the camera. And if it does good luck on not breaking the tab the first time you have to change the batteries.  I purchased 2 of these and will be returning both.  I will be fair though and only leave 1 bad review but this deserves 2.  I did not get the right screws to secure the angled bracket and wasted a drive to the hardware store to get my own. Only to find that the back would not secure and when a little extra pressure was applied the tab broke. I think that piece was made of crackers…I was really excited when this was announced,, so I could add it to my existing blink system and I never ever pre-order anything this is my first time and last time doing that.  Wait until they announce a redesign before you buy this or hit yourself in the head with a hammer your choice…
The quality and functionality of the blink camera system and app is hard to beat. We previously purchased blink XT2 cameras and have been very happy with them. I was excited to check out the new blink doorbell camera recently and I’ve absolutely loved it. Similarly to the other camera options it’s a seamless setup and easy to follow installation. The video quality is excellent and the doorbell works great. Very happy with the end product and I would highly recommend blink to anyone for home security from anything outdoor to indoor cameras to now this blink door bell. It integrates well with Alexa, the interface of the app is very user friendly, the quality of the video and the ability to adjust the settings is unlike anything else on the market.
Replaced my original Ring doorbell with this. Installation was easy. I did not have a problem attaching it to the base that others had, but the base is very flimsy. The Ring build was much better but also cost 4x as much. I had to make sure that the Blink base was completely flat as it’s tendency was to bend against the stucco. I also had to push the tab at the bottom from the back to get it to snap together. It did not require a lot of pressure, just perfect alignment. Picture quality is good and app works as expected. Not sure how it will work when the subscription trial ends as the website is confusing in regards to how it works with the sync 2 module. I got this rather than a new Ring so I would have local storage rather than using a cloud subscription plan. Note: if you are replacing a Ring doorbell, the footprint on the Blink is narrower and you will need to fill the previous mounting holes.
I’ve owned Blink cameras for over two years now, and for the most part they’ve worked very well, and have excellent battery life. The video doorbell is a welcome addition. Setup and configuration was straightforward; physical installation took about 5 minutes; no issues or problems. Integrates nicely with Alexa, with a variety of standard chimes and sounds, plus a bunch of seasonal sound choices as well. I’m a renter and couldn’t mess with the existing doorbell, so i covered it with a Knock Nanny (which I bought on Amazon). Installed the Blink doorbell on the door fame right next to it, 4-1/2 feet from the porch floor. Even if someone is standing only 2 feet from the door their face can easily be seen in the video. Within the app, I moved Motion Detection Sensitivity down to 4, which triggers the camera at the ideal time when someone is approaching. I’ve had a couple false triggers from passing trucks, so I may lower Sensitivity another notch, or possibly set some Activity Zones if it becomes an issue. My only complaint is the loudness of the doorbell sound at the unit itself. It’s nice that pressing the button generates a sound, because that confirms to the person pressing it that the doorbell is actually working; but half the volume or less would suffice. Overall though, I am very pleased with the Blink Video Doorbell.Update - 11/15/2021: Configured an Activity Zone (actually an inactivity zone) within the app to block out an area of the road from motion detection. (The road is about 40 feet from the doorbell).  Ever since I made the change, I haven’t had a false trigger (over a week now).
The installation is "difficult" but that's only due to the 6 flimsy tabs on the backplate that hook into the doorbell.  Mine came with 2 tabs broken but I got it to hook on anyway.  The camera on the doorbell is the same quality as any of the cameras and has an impressive field of vision, gotta be like 175 degrees or so.  The chime is fairly loud on the doorbell itself which doesn't make sense, the person already knows they pushed it.  However it was barely audible inside a quiet house so the wireless option is a big zero in my eyes.  I don't have a wired doorbell so couldn't test hooking it up.  So my phone (with the Blink app) would ping a notification that the doorbell camera sees someone there, but that's the same as any of the Blink cams.Three things they could do better is 1) give the app a chime just for the doorbell that works when the doorbell button is pushed.  2) make the backplate stronger with an easier installation (connecting doorbell to backplate).  3) the Chime on the doorbell itself could be toned down a lot, you can hear it across the street.  And finally 4) have a wireless chime for inside the house to make the wireless installation worth anything.I ended up deciding to return mine 15 minutes after installing it.  Without a chime on the phone app, and not being able to hear the chime inside the house, it's just another cam so useless as a doorbell (again, just the wireless option).  I was all excited to see a Blink doorbell because I love their camera and have several around my property, but it's just not for me.Blink should offer a in-home wireless chime that sounds a tone when the doorbell button is pushed.  If they offered that with the doorbell I might have kept it.  If Blink has one, I couldn't find it on Amazon or on their Blink website.I do NOT recommend this doorbell - at least not in it's present state.
The mount is garbage. it'll take you about 10 attempts to get it to finally click home, but it's counterintuitive and a really poor design. I have a Sync 2 module, so I'm good already and don't have to worry about the saving of my video clips. The video quality is exactly what I expected and it connected right up to my entire Blink Alexa system. I'm also using the wired power system from my pre-existing doorbell - so I'm never going to have to take it back off the mount. I also have a Ring but now that I have this I'm not going to have to pay for the overly expensive Ring subscription when renewal time comes up, so that's a bonus. plus I'm now all in one ecosystem.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video.Ordered Oct 15 and received Nov 9.  Works great with my existing 3 camera system.Mounted it over the original doorbell on house.  Tried to get it to work with the house mechanical chime, but would not work.  It is a rented house so I'm not going to delve into why. Yes, it was hard to mount in, but got it in a few tries.  While installing we had to take it down a few times but were able to get it back in the slots and "lock" it in.  Should be fun to do again when the batteries die.Press the button and it chimes at the doorbell.  A second or 2 later I get alerted on my phone, my 2 echo dots and my echo show 5.  Video is good day and night.  In my opinion it is the same quality as my 3 cameras.Having never owned a doorbell camera I don't know if this is normal.....sometimes twice a day the blink app will alert me about a video from my doorbell.  It is a video of stills taken throughout the day anywhere from 5 to 20 seconds long.  Just weird to me, but interesting to see.I am happy with my purchase and would buy again (especially if they fix the mounting issue).
Update 11/9/21:I purchased the sync module 2, since wiring is not an option and removed and re-added the doorbell and was able to get live view. The customer support that reached out after this review was incredibly helpful. I was not comfortable enabling access to my system, and they helped me anyway. A big thank you to Haitham!Still leaving it with 4 stars because I didn't really want to purchase yet another thing to make it work, but it worked and it looks good. So 4 stars, one less for having to buy additional tech.-----It was easy to install and easy enough to get working, but I am left wanting after having Ring doorbells in the past that allowed me to view a live video. I have read all documentation, searched everywhere online, and all instructions say the same thing, "Press the Live View button" and a picture of a little camera in the bottom left corner of the video preview. But, on my device, THERE IS NO BUTTON. There is NO WAY to view a live video stream from this doorbell, very disappointing.
Bought this product, thinking it would be a great alternative to a Ring doorbell. It was easy to install, does not look very secured. I testing the motion and doorbell both worked after installation, but tested again after 10 min. I was now not getting any notification for motion or doorbell. The Blink just became an analog doorbell. Also found out after that some of the features that is on the app does not yet work. Very disappointed.
Update: 12/03/2021I ordered another blink doorbell on sale for Black Friday.  I put the door bell on my back door.  I did not want to drill in my brick so I purchased some outdoor industrial Velcro.  My backyard is fenced in, so there is less chances of the doorbell being stolen.  I really wanted the back door doorbell for the camera function.  It is hard to attach the camera to the back plate unless the back plate is mounted.  The way to resolve this issue is put the back plate on the doorbell and push up from the bottom with a flat head screw driver.  Once this is done yo can you Velcro to mount the doorbell.  I would not suggest mounting the doorbell with Velcro if you live in a high crime area or you think the doorbell might be stolen.I was a blink customer before Amazon purchased the company.  I have been waiting for this blink doorbell for over 3 years.  It is finally here and for the most part I am pleased.  The functionality of the camera is excellent.  The only issue I have is the back plate and the hardware for installation.  The back plate that comes with the unit is universal for wired or wireless.  If you are using wireless the doorbell does not sit flush to the wall.  I used some outdoor double sided tape to make it stable and flush.The screws that come with the unit are too long.  I used a shorter screw but the head was too big and it hit the batteries when I tried to install the doorbell.  When I replaced the screws with a smaller head the doorbell installed easily.  Before I figured that out it was a nightmare trying to install the doorbell to the back plate.Here are some needed improvements for the blink/ amazon team:1.  Have 2 back plates.  (1 for wireless and 1 for wired)2.  Have a wireless chime so when the doorbell rings you can hear it through out the houseOther than that this is an excellent product.  I wish Amazon had released it 3 years ago when it was supposed to come out.Update:  11/04/21There is an option to announce on all alexa devices in your house that the door bell has been pressed.  You go to devices in your alexa app an choose cameras.  In cameras locate the door bell.  In the door bell settings turn the announcement feature on.  In my opinion this is just as good as having a wireless chime when some one presses the door bell.  I have also noticed many people having trouble with the back plate.  If you use your own screws make sure the head is small especially on the bottom screw.  If the screw head is large it is impossible to attach the door bell to the back plate.
make sure you plan/investigate before you purchase this bargain. as technology goes, this integrates well into my blink system. That's where the good things stop.  If you have an older (mid 80's) house that was pre-wired for a doorbell with a recessed conduit box as a mount, you are in for some work and modifications.(see image2) my original doorbell button was mountd on a permanent conduit box where the wires come in from behind.these conduit boxes have industry stndard mounting screw holes for face plates. the design engineers of this unit weren't thoughtful enough to make the pre-drilled mounting holes on the  back plate to correspond with conduit screw holes. this will require modification of the back plate by drilling a small hole so it can mount on the existing conduit box. In addition I had to use the old faceplate to cover the opening of the conduit box, which looks like crap at my front door. (see image 1)  The only other fashionable option would be to  make a wood plate with a hole for wires that would have to be drilled and mounted to conrete (in my case).  After all this work my existing indoor chime does not ring when the button is pushed. it is wired correctly and i tested the circuit by bridging the contacts on the back of the mounting plate with a screw driver and the indoor chime rang. after attaching the camera unit to the back plate the indoor chime does not work. I have made sure the camera unit was snapped flush to contact the contacts on the back plate.  At this point I'm too disgusted and frustrated to dis-assemble the unit and do further testing. Luckily i have multiple Amazon devices throughout my house Show/dot etc. to know when the camera is activated. so if you think this is an easy $50 add-on device you better plan ahead. Obviously I am handy, but it will run up a bill if you have to hire someone to fashion a remedy.
Update after 1 month of useThe system stay okay when I was in free trial for blink cloud subscription. Even though the response speed is way slower than its competitor. It takes about 5s to open the live view and 5-10s to retrieve a cloud clips.And it's even worse when you go for local storage option. For me, the local module didn't record any motion detected at first. And after number of reconnections, it's then magically start working.And it's far slower to retrieve a clip from local storage than retrieve it from the cloud. (as Blinks Q&A, it depends on your local wifi condition, mine is 200mbps downstream/10mbps upstream, but still, it takes me over 30s to load a 15s clips)And another issue is with the battery drainage.Even if I power up the doorbell through the chime wire, the battery still drain fast when you turn up the detection sensitivity. I set it to 7/10, and after replacing two brand new Duracell, it prompts a 20% low battery warning the next day.And when the battery is low, it will comes up more problem. For example, longer response time for Echo/Alexa alerts(sometimes not response at all), system busy alerts will show up more frequently. The cold outdoor temperature might be a reason(around 36 F at night), but draining 80% of battery in a day is not acceptable especially when it's already powered through the chime wire.
We have many blink cameras outside and inside our home so I was excited to see a door bell and pre ordered it immediately. It was a huge disappointment. The back to it is nearly impossible to attach, which i’ve read in the reviews is very common. They also sent a promo for a free corner mount, which came with screws that go from the camera to the mount that are too small to screw in. This whole thing was a major fail. Amazon definitely needed to take more time with this.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video.Update: Blink support contacted me shortly after leaving this review about the frames skipping. They think it's the batteries and are sending me new ones free. They said they will replace the camera if the batteries do not fix the issue. They also said this camera does in fact use a PIR sensor like the wireless blink outdoor camera for motion detection which is good news. It means bugs won't be attracted to it or trigger a needless recording event.Sometimes the recordings skip frames at the beginning of the motion event. Live view also doesn't work 50/50 percent of the time. It says "live view failed." The saved settings for IR also mess up a lot across all of my blink devices, not just the doorbell.Regardless, I bought a second one for the back door since the Black Friday deal started and they're dirt cheap. I'm hoping a firmware update can fix these issues at some point.Something tells me the infrared stays on 24/7 for motion detection at night which means bugs will be attracted to it and set it off continuously. The blink mini I have outside does the same thing and I have to turn off notifications for it because it's so obnoxious. The outdoor wireless version doesn't have this issue because it uses a PIR sensor instead for motion detection to save battery life. I don't think the doorbell has that. I imagine it will chew through batteries constantly if you aren't able to hard wire it to your existing doorbell to power it that way instead.
Does anyone at Blink actually install this stuff? Like I get the firm impression that no one at Blink / Amazon has ever held a drill in their tender, soft hands.The doorbell and camera system work as expected. Inexpensive and mostly just work. Just like most Blink products.But like every Blink product since before they were bought by Amazon the mounting and install system is terrible. I installed the back plate as demonstrated (wireless mode) and the doorbell wouldn’t attach to the mounting plate. Spent 15 minutes trying to attach it to the plate with zero luck.Took the plate off and started screwing with it. Noticed that the soft plastic was essentially bent a bit (e.g. warped) and that the doorbell couldn’t clip in unless the plate was very flush.Took the plate and a power driver and smashed that f’er flat to the door trim. I probably stripped out the screws doing this (that’s another persistent issue with Blink’s engineering — they always include the softest, cheapest screws) but managed to clip the doorbell in this time. How I am getting it off if / when I move? No clue.From a tech perspective, works great. But Blink needs to hire some actual craftsman to work on their mounting system. It’s a a persistent issue across the product line but this doorbell is the worst. I swear no one at Blink has ever touched a hammer
Seems to work as expected for those that need a battery powered doorbell (also able to be wired in). The storage feature being USB is neat although there is not an included mount. It is a box with a usb charger that will otherwise dangle off your outlet unless you have somewhere to set it. I managed to double sided tape the box to the charger so that it is "mounted" to the outlet. Works well enough.As for multi-users, this does not seem possible in the sense of multiple accounts. My solution was to use the one account created to login on all devices that wanted access to the camera. This seems like a silly missing feature, but forgettable in the scheme of things.The doorbell itself seems to be of decent build quality and has a nice aesthetic to it. Nothing super fancy, but definitely functional for the price.Image quality is decent. Not the best I've seen, but absolutely not the worst. Same with sound quality.The software has a few short comings. Past the multi-users issue I mentioned, the lack of quick responses like most other smart doorbells have is disappointing. Or the ability to set auto responses upon detection.  It does sync well with Alexa and my dots make the noise expected when the button is pressed. It just seems under baked for such a prominent companies offering.A good buy so far, but solely for the price. Features may be lacking for some.
I rated this one star because the mount is TERRIBLE!!!!  It is very difficult to put on and take off.  It is NOT like other mounts with the safety screw at the bottom. I was only able to get the doorbell on the mount once but couldn’t get it off.  It feels like you are going to break it when you take it off.  The doorbell can be easily stolen because of the mount.
I like the doorbell bell camera. I tried to get the back to doorbell to snap on to the back mount but it wouldn’t. My other concern was finding out if the doorbell could be connected to my wifi extension. I called tech support and agent was very helpful in telling be how to return my doorbell for a refund. I really got no answer about why the doorbell wouldn’t attach to the base or if the unit can be connected through a Wi-Fi extender. I would like to purchase the unit again if I could get on that would attach as it should and also could be connected to my Wi-Fi extender. I use the Blink system and have been pleased I have at least two cameras connected to my Wi-Fi extender. I have several hours invested in this doorbell and nothing to show for it except for what I have learned which isn’t much.Update: I added one star for the excellent follow up help I received. I am now pleased with the Doorbell, I just have a lot of time invested in getting it properly installed and connected. The doorbell alerts me through Alexa devices and Apple phone and iPad. Mounting worked well once I attached the base plate with screws. I moved my sync device closer to camera so I didn’t have to use Wi-Fi extender, although that is an option. Being able to get a view on Echo Show when the doorbell is pressed without having to ask for it would be nice.
11/19/21I'm not a reviewer, I paid for this product to add it to my current Blink system. The video quality is pretty solid, especially for the money, in my opinion. There are cameras/doorbells considerably more expensive with similar features and video quality. I think Blink could have sold this doorbell for $99 without too much trouble.As others have stated, the mount is very questionable. I don't know how it could have been released without people thinking "this mount is a problem". Connecting the camera to it is very much 50/50 between hoping it is secured on and that you aren't about to break the mount or the camera. I think Blink will find a way to remedy this issue.I did the hardwired installation and ran in to an issue with it not ringing my doorbell chime in the house. Called Blink support and got someone on the phone immediately. They accessed my Blink app and maybe did an update/setting change because I reinstalled the doorbell on the app and everything worked great.Blink, fix the mount issue (and work out something to remedy the issues for those that already bought them) and you'll have a solid product I think.
I'm having mixed feelings about the Blink Video Doorbell. This is my second video doorbell, and the Blink is considerably different from the first one (another brand). First, the box is a beautiful thing to behold, but somewhat challenging to 'unlock' without destroying it. Second, I expected written instructions. All of the instructions were delivered by the app. Of course, I did things in the wrong order, and had to undo and redo. The video quality is remarkable, even on a phone screen. The camera shows quite a panorama, which is excellent for the location I chose. The notifications tell me exactly when something moves in the range of view (and I can block some areas).  I do get a notification every time there is movement, which can be annoying.  I thought I could correct the problem by making longer recordings, but there doesn't seem to be any reference to that in the app.The doorbell is a recent acquisition, and should Blink reach out and answer my questions, I will be happy to update this review.Update: And indeed, Blink did reach out to me, and offered a solution that should resolve any issues that I might have had. Great customer service!
i am a blink camera user with 9 of them throughout my house. also use the sync module. i also have 2 echos in the house.purchased the bell because i dont have a wired bell and currently use a simple wireless bell with plug in chimes.  i was very excited about this product but was let down by lack of thought when it comes to the chime. the chime works with the echos however you have to make sure your echo is on super loud because it only rings for about 2 seconds and if you dont have a device in every room you wont hear it. the phone alerts are good and work same as the cameras, but with a doorbell it needs to be heard. if i dont have my phone in front of me ill miss the door. i was disappointed that blink could not come up with a companion chime similar to how ring has a plug in chime. going to return and explore other options for video doorbells.
Bought this as I am an avid Amazon shopper and trust Amazon to put out a comparable item to other name brands.  I followed ALL the instructions to the T.  The power supply (no doorbell) was a transformer that matched every detail in the instructions.  Still did not get the full use of the Blink doorbell!  Used the text to ask for support.  All I got was the same info.  I bought an entirely newer transformer.  Connected it to the Blink.  No change, still gave me the message my power supply was too weak!!  Enough is enough!  I ordered a Ring doorbell the cheapest Amazon carried, connected the transformer, mounted the Ring and within honestly 10 minutes, I had video, live view, motion and chimes adjusted!  I will not buy another Blink.  Sad that Amazon would allow this defective doorbell to carry the Amazon name.  Now, if you have a powerful mechanical doorbell hookup, this may work for you but if you do not have an installed home doorbell that is mechanical you are SOL.  Sending mine back for a refund!
I pre ordered 2 Blink doorbells and received them over the weekend. 10/25/21Had issues and vented on my first review on the doorbells. I have since deleted that part of the review. If you’re having issues with your Blink products do not try to contact Amazon and try to get it resolved, go directly to Blink Customer Service. They have been absolutely great to work with and actually keep in contact with you throughout the process.My doorbells are up and working as they should and for the money are a great deal. Picture quality is perfect and now I just need someone to ring the bell. Thank you Blink for your help!!
Mounting is near impossible. Live view works when it feels like it. Tech support is horrible. I have never had to call Tech support 5 times in the first 30 days til now. Camera is hardwired in yet they tried to tell me the batteries were dead, in only 20 days, fine, new batteries (lithium) installed, 2 days later, batteries dead again... seriously? Wait an hour and suddenly the batteries are fine. I feel like I paid to work out the problems for them. I would love to see how many returns Amazon is getting for this junk. Wait a couple years, then maybe purchase.
Ive been waiting for Blink to come out with a doorbell since they initially released their cameras. I pre ordered first chance I got. I have several blink cameras already, a couple of the full size ones and one of the finicky smaller ones. I had a Ring and wanted to replace it with a blink device since I already have the existing devices.I had hoped it would be better than the smaller indoor cameras and as good as their larger cameras and I was pleasantly surprised. pictures/video is good quality and I have not noticed any issues with it. The doorbell itself is louder than the Ring doorbell I replaced and does not have any issues working the mechanical doorbell that's in the house.Installation was simple/straightforward. I did not have to use a wedge so I did not come across any of the issues that others had encountered with that. Locking the device in place was a bit difficult as there was not a lot of travel to slide the device into place and little to no audible snap indicating it was locked. Had to pull on the thing to make sure it was locked in place and didn't come off.The real issue came with setup. Once the device was installed and added to my system, it needed a lot of settings adjustment to get right. I have my device wired so battery drain wasn't an issue but I can see why people were showing low battery shortly after installation. The door bell motion sensor kept activating every 5 min or so and recording. Once all the settings were dialed it worked better than the existing cameras. There was also a review that stated video wasn't recording, and that was probably due to the setting being off. I had the same issue but figured it out. The doorbell has different settings than the cameras and video recording has to be enabled towards the bottom of the setting screen. This is probably off to start in order to help people save battery at the start.The Blink system itself still has its issues: time limited clips, 10s re-trigger time for video recording, long delay in live view, and delay in video viewing. These all existed in the blink system prior to the doorbell so these are nothing new. I think these are built in to keep the cameras from overheating and preventing filling up cloud memory. Just things to keep in mind if you don't have a Blink device yet.The doorbell does what it supposed to do. Rings the bell when the button is pressed, detects motion and gives notification if you have that setting on, and records motion/doorbell rings when recording video setting is on. Solid video doorbell choice, especially for the price.
Don’t waste your money. This product and the “support” team are complete trash. Spent two days working with tech support, could never get it to record video via motion detection or by ringing the doorbell button. I have two other blink cameras and they work fine, the doorbell is a complete miss. I should have listened to the reviews. I use the local storage USB. The only way the doorbell would record video was if you used the cloud & paid the monthly fee. Complete scam.
Just got product delivered today so I can’t talk more then owning it for 3 hours. But my setup on app was very easy. Installation where old doorbell was very easy with no struggles at all. Very much recommend item to anymore with blink cameras. Will give a long term update after a few months of owning.
It will not recognize the doorbell.  Have tried at least 20 times taking the battery in and out.  The customer support was great.  Still could not figure it out, but quick responses.  I finally changed it to a newer sync module of the 3 I had, that was the issue.  If you have an old sync module, that may be the issue.  UPDATED AGAIN, EATING BATTERIES, ALMOST NO VIDEO CLIPS, MISSED EXCHANGE DATE BY 2 DAYS, MEGA HOOPS TO JUMP THROUGH, WASTED MANY HOURS.
Maybe i’m crazy, but my preconception of a video doorbell was an amazing futuristic smarthome experience where, when someone pushes the button, I would get notified on my phone and could see who is there and talk with them via an intercom feature. If I happen to have a video home assistant like the echo show, then even better! It would immediately pop up with a live view showing who is at the door and allow me to talk with them.Disappointingly and to my utter shock and dismay, the blink video doorbell does none of those things.NONE OF THOSE THINGS ARE POSSIBLE!What, Amazon and the Blink team, are we supposed to do with this then? It’s a security camera. Sure. But it’s definitely not a video doorbell.You have the resources and the talent to do better. This is a joke.
I don't wanna praise it too high just yet because I have only used it for couple weeks. Easy to set up by following simple instructions. I hard wired it but initially it says to insert batteries. After that it doesn't say to remove batteries or not so I left them installed. I would prefer that the scan code also be put on the box it came with incase I had to reset in the future. You will have to pull it off the wall if you ever have to scan the code on the back of the doorbell.I tested it on my doorbell wire and received a warning that the voltage was too low. My thinking is that a lower voltage is better than too high of one so I left it hard wired.Alerts early enough and almost too sensitive. I think the sensitivity can be adjusted on your phone app. I set it up to my Alexa through the Alexa app and home security feature. I can't see a constant picture display like on my other blink cameras (just a blank screen) but when I open the app, video will turn on and also when someone is at the door. A signal is sent to your phone first.I can answer the door through my phone but it makes a high pitched sound and tough to understand. If I tell Alexa to " show my doorbell" the TV turns on and doorbell video can be observed ( I like this feature).  Alerts go off alot at night so I put it on silent or turn off. It catches all the passing cars on my street. Night vision is ok as most cameras only display black and white but I can still make out who or what is out front. You get a cloud account to try for 30 days and is compatible with your existing blink system. I will use a USB stick when my trial is over but I have not had a drop in signal or any problems with it since I installed this item. I recommend this to anyone since I have enjoyed it so much. Great item to purchase for Christmas. One last point is that I can not adjust the volume on the doorbell chime but I can have it in sequence with my hardwired chime. A ++
Received my door bell kit. For the most part the instructions and installation match perfectly, until you try to make the connection between the door bell and the base mount. Absolutely impossible with the silicone seal designed to keep unit sealed and moisture out. Tried for about 45 mins to make a connection, not happening, until you remove the silicone seal and the unit attached easily and clicked into place. My suggestion is to redesign the until to match the cameras ease of access. Maybe a screw on top and bottom to match up. Definitely need a redesign to correct this issue. The tool provided is another terrible idea. This wouldn't be necessary if you simply had screws to remove. Lose the tool, you're screwed.
Been a week and it doesn't work with any of the Echos let alone the Echo Shows, so really it is a doorbell that sends me a mobile alert if it is pushed. Defeats the entire purpose of buying this doorbell...1st Edit: Support contacted me to troubleshoot and set up a time to speak over the phone and resolve the issues. They had me schedule a time to call and then they never called. So I guess the support you receive with the products is also 1 star.
I’ve had multiple indoor and outdoor Blink cameras for years, so adding the Blink doorbell made the best sense for me.  In addition to added security, I was interested in the ability to know who and when someone was at the front door as I can’t hear folks knocking from the upper level or back of the house.I’m a very handy person who requires little instruction to figure things out.  This thing had me puzzled for about an hour as to why it wouldn’t simply click together.  It’s clear from the design how the parts are to connect… but they don’t just snap together for testing or confirming you are assembling/installing correctly.Initial installation of the doorbell left it barely in the mount and ready to fall off with the slightest touch— obviously not ideal for how a doorbell is used. Just before I was ready click the send button for a product complaint to Blink (they provided excellent service with a camera issue in the past), I did some research on Amazon reviews.  The one that says something like “read this first” helped me solve the problem.Part of the issue was that I had left just a little bit of give in the screws to make it easier to remove the mounting plate if something was wrong with placement or installation. 1) The screws to the mounting plate must be tight!  When you are ready to place the doorbell into the plate, 2) look at the plate from the side (if possible) to help line up the back of the doorbell with the small cleats on the plate 3) hold the doorbell slightly above the cleats 4) push hard towards the plate and down to lock the cleats in.  There isn’t a tell tale click sound… but when it’s in there… you will know because it is definitely tightly affixed.So far, it’s working very well.  The only other thing I would add is to check the view the doorbell provides before you install it.  Check to make sure there are minimal to no obstructions so you can maximize the security features.  Also look for options that give you the view you need.  For example, if you’re wanting to keep an eye on packages on the front step, you may need to place it a little lower than you might think to.Like my other Blink products, adding the doorbell to my system and the rest of the installation process was easy.  Having an older home and not wanting to spend hundred of dollars on wiring…I appreciate the ability to place and move these cameras wherever I need to with the non-wired options.  Overall, I’m happy with my purchase.
First, I am a big fan of the Blink ecosystem. I have 5 cameras with 2 more on the way. I've been patiently waiting for this Blink doorbell for a while now.Let's get the bad out of the way first: the mounting system. IT'S HORRIBLE! Whoever designed this mounting system should be fired. It's seriously that bad. I tried for nearly an hour to get the doorbell to connect properly to the mount but could not succeed. I read numerous other reviews giving tips on how to do it properly, none of them worked. I put just about all of my strength into making this doorbell "click" onto the base to securely fit and could not make it happen. What this ended up with was a fit that did not look weather proof and it certainly wasn't thief proof. Just a little bit of upward pressure was all it took to disconnect the doorbell from the mounting plate. Terrible.The image quality of the camera is decent. It's nothing amazing, but it's not the worst it could be. For a $50 doorbell it seems about right for the price.Maybe I got a faulty doorbell? Who knows? I do know this mounting system is one of the worst things I have come across on an Amazon product. I wanted to like this doorbell so badly but the entire thing is ruined by this awful mounting system. It's unbelievable nobody noticed this during development.Returned for refund the same day I received it. Just not worth the aggravation.
UPDATE:I have upgraded my review from 2 stars to 3.I agree with others that the wall mount is cumbersome. Also, it is made with plastic.I don't know about the rest of the country, but in Arizona summer heat, even in the shade those little plastic hooks will become brittle in less than a year and snap off the next time I have to replace the batteries and remount the doorbell. What will I do then?It really could have, and should have been designed better.Also, the unit still can't capture far enough down to see the ground, which is more important than being able to see 10 feet in the air. It really should have been angled down a little bit.So for now, I have to keep my Blink XT camera above the front door to check for packages left on the ground.---------------------------------------Original Review:  The unit comes with batteries and the ability to connect into the existing low voltage doorbell wiring. However, the doorbell won’t work with just the wiring alone. It requires the lithium batteries as well. Nor does it ring your house doorbell. But it does ring on your phone, so that part is good.It’s good that it works nicely with my Blink app where I have 4 Blink XT cameras being monitored.But something odd happened with a video capture the doorbell took, where it gave me like 12-15 scenes together of the change of daylight and nighttime over the course of 24 hours. Almost like a timelapse video. Why?Still waiting for my corner mount. Right now, I get a big column. (See pic)Also, the camera is high enough to where I can’t see the ground in front of the camera, for any packages left on the ground. I don’t need to see 10 feet in the air.Some improvements could be made in this doorbell.
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration-:-Loaded:0%Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.I’ve had 1 other video doorbell and this one is way better. Easy set up and clear HD video. Connects to my existing wired doorbell inside the house too. If you have a blink system already, this is the one to get.
As some noted, there is a bit of an issue with the mounting plate, but that issue can be easily fixed by reading the instructions that show how to actually mount the plate.The doorbell is generally of good quality and there isn’t a sense that it can be easily swiped, although I’m sure some thugs will prove some users wrong. Video quality is great during the day and the audio transmission is good as well. Night time video is generally just ok. The glare from the cars on the road is sometimes enough to set off the ring camera alert at night, even when you set up your active zones to monitor. So lowering the sensitivity is a must.One other thing - the chime is automatically set to off meaning if you are wiring this in place of your typical doorbell, you’ll have to go into the app and set your chime after you’ve installed the doorbell. I think that should be automatically on since…well since it’s a doorbell, but who am I to judge. It’s an easy fix.Overall I’ve been impressed with all blink products and I’m happy that they’ve been making some changes and upgrades over the years.
Frustrated, frustrated, frustrated. I installed my new doorbell without wiring on a flat surface following the instructions and video. I lined up the doorbell module with the plate and no amount of effort on my part was going to cause the two pieces to join together to give me a working doorbell. The doorbell is well protected by a porch.I had to wait till my son, a professional AV install technician, could swing by and complete the task for me. Less than a week later the doorbell has gone offline during our second Nor'Easter of the season. The solution to get it working again involves removing the doorbell module, the batteries (to power cycle the doorbell) and putting it back together again. ARE YOU SERIOUS???BLINK knows there is an issue connecting the module to the plate. They sell a separate spacer to correct for that. Why not include it in the product? Maybe you could engineer the face plate better so a spacer isn't needed? Or perhaps you could let people know up front that they may need assistance getting the two parts to connect if they're over a certain age and don't lift weights on a daily basis.Other than that, it works great.
first this is not my first blink product, I have 6 indoor and outdoor cameras. i have shared my experiences with them and gotten many other families to buy the cameras (20+). i have nothing but positive reviews for the cameras BUT BUT BUT<--- this doorbell camera is not what I wanted. their "wired" option does not power the device, more did it function with my existing doorbell system, so I directly contacted blink and asked them what doorbell kit I should buy to properly power and use this device. their official response was "we don't recommend any doorbell kits to use with our product." so they sell me a product with no way to know whose products will work with it. a wired option that doesn't power it, and once mounted is held on by 4 tiny plastic tabs smaller than a B.B that ill have to pray wouldn't break after opening every 6 months to replace batteries. no thanks. as for the range. it doesn't even catch me parking in front of the door. the trigger range is about 15 feet from the door and if its dark outside. 5 feet. i should of spent the extra money on a Ring doorbell.
I'm sending this back and very disappointed with Amazon's advertising team. They make it sound like this can be used as a wired installation leading the reader to think that is what powers the unit. NOT true. As I dug into the installation, I discovered the batteries are actually the sole power source for the unit, whether wired or not. From their instructions on the website, it states, "Batteries are always the main power source, even when the Blink Video Doorbell is connected to powered wiring from an existing doorbell system."This means there is no way I will see more than a few months on the batteries where it's in the main traffic area for people coming and going. I use a blink camera now to monitor the door and batteries last maybe 6 months with minimum video lengths, low lighting, and restricted zone setting outside the door area. Super disappointed that this isn't disclosed more clearly.To Blink: WTH were you thinking when designing this product to run on batteries at the entrance to a home? Seriously?
The doorbell works fine. The video quality is acceptable. The motion detection is awful! It can’t see a UPS or FedEx truck drive up but it catches every little bug that goes by or even falling leaves. In addition, if you don’t pay for a subscription, they disable recording of live views to your installed USB drive! I’ve had a couple of free months of subscription that you get with each new device so I know how it works with a subscription and without. When you get a new system you get 30 days total even if the system has ten devices! Yet buy one more camera and you get another 30 days. With the installation of the doorbell, I got another 30 days. When I had no subscription I could record all motion videos to my USB drive. Not live views. Now, with the doorbell and the free 30 days, I can record live views but it’s stopped backing up the motion recordings to the drive as it had right up until the moment I installed the doorbell and started the new 30-day trial. My experience with Blink support has been dismal as well.
We can not change door bell sound. Only one sound is supported which is ugly. only for sound, I took two stars.Will wait for Blink to support multiple sounds so that I can change it.Another thing is, can't put back cover easily while holding in hand.. I did not try installing to wall yet, may be that will give enough pressure to lock things in place.If Blink app can support a way to share cameras with others instead of whole account would be great.Above things are my expectations from Blink team.I have Blink wireless cameras from long time, they work flawlessly and battery comes for nearly two years and won't miss a single motion detection.
The blink doorbell looks very much like others. It takes a good picture and the ability to ring our existing doorbell is a plus. Connecting the camera is similar to their other products. Everything went well during the installation up to mounting the button/camera to the wall mount. It was very frustrating trying to get the unit to "Snap on with minimal pressure" as the directions claimed. I had to repeatedly remove the plate and remount it before I got it to "snap on". I was afraid I was going to break the tiny plastic clips that hold it together. This feature needs rework to make it fit better. Another issue was a "corner" mount that was mentioned in the install instructions but was not in the box. I think that piece might have provided a better base and made snaping the plate to the camera easier.I will update this in a month after I have had some experience with the product.
This is a piece of crap… I installed it day one of receiving and first, the connection to the wall mount is incredibly flimsy and will not last outdoors without breaking. Second, the motion detection, which is why I bought the device in the first place, is non-functioning. Third, I had to sit in the holding cell on the support line for 20 minutes before someone answered, and they don’t know anything about how to fix anything related to this device. Wow. Great job, Amazon! You continue to disappoint! At least you have developed some consistency.
This is a nice looking doorcam. It has two WIFI channels with one communicating with the sync module (if you have one) and the other with your WIFI network directly (no need for the sync module).However, the camera failed to take a snapshot or show a liveview (with a "Thumbnail failed" error). Bought a second camera, and the same thing happened.Talked to tech support a couple of times. Not help.If lucky, the liveview will show up if someone presses the door bell; but it takes more than 10 seconds for the view to show up in the app.So I suspect either the dual WIFI channel somehow confused the camera communication of the server has an issue to handle the data.But the way, I could not get the door cam to work at all without the sync module. So not sure why the other WIFI channel is there at all.In sum, not a good doorcam. Bad luck so far.
I've previously had both a Ring and August doorbell but since I bought Blink cameras I wanted to find a compatible doorbell.  When this was announced I preordered it.  I did arrive a week later than originally planned, but supply chain issues, etc.  Installation was quick and easy and it works well with my hardwired doorbell.  Video and audio quality is great, as it night vision.  If you're familiar with Blink cameras, you will have the same control over the settings for the doorbell that you would for any camera.  For me, the biggest feature is to include the doorbell and cameras into a single app, which is why I hope to see more products from Blink introduced.The only very minor downside is that I was sent coupon for a free corner mount so I could mount the doorbell at an angle.  The corner mount was only offered in black even though the camera I ordered was white.  From the angle one walks onto the porch and approaches the doorbell from, you don't see it, but it would be nice if they offered the corner mount in the same color as the camera I ordered.
Overall pleased with this doorbell camera.A few things I would change and make others aware of however:1. Item should come with a leveling kit. I didn't know until installing I may need to purchase a wedge or corner adapter. The corner is one thing, but most people will be installing this onto siding and will need a "wedge" to level the doorbell.  IMO, it should be provided with the kit.2. Can link it to the wired chime in your house, which is fantastic, but also has it's own audible chime that is turned up to 11. If you are in your house with the door closed and Alexa playing Pantera on blast, you just might be able to hear this thing. A volume adjuster in the app would be nice. Scared the bejesus out of my FedEx driver.Other than that, big fan of all the Blink equipment and this joins that team. Thanks.
Tried installing it, but I don't have a "completely flat" surface where my old doorbell used to be. In fact there is not a completely flat surface anywhere between my door and the brick wall. And the old doorbell wires are in this "not flat" space, so that is really the only place I can install it. Tried installing anyways but the doorbell won't attach to the mounting plate because 1) not a completely flat surface, 2) limited space between wall and door jamb, 3) terrible mounting plate design that makes it virtually impossible to get doorbell to click into mounting plate. Very dissatisfied with this product and it is being returned today. I suspect that anyone with an old house will have trouble with this one. And to make things worse, my old doorbell disintegrated when I removed it, so now I have to replace that too!
Unfortunately, I am not impressed by the product so far.  It has many shortcomings that make it a useless product.Issue 1:  The iPhone application does not provide an audible chime/sound/alert when the doorbell button is pressed. The only notification provided is a text notification.  So, if you are not looking at your phone's screen, you will never know that somebody just rang the doorbell!!!Issue 2:  There is no chime add-on device available from the company.  The only option is to use an existing chime device from your wired doorbell.  This defeats the wireless installation.  Our hose never had a wired doorbell. So, this along with the previous issue I mentioned makes the product useless.Issue 3: The camera coverage is very bad.  I am not sure how the product website shows a picture of packages on the ground.  I have installed the video-doorbell directly on the front door at the height of about 4 ft above ground.  In this installation, the camera's field of view does not show anything within the 4 feet from the door. So, any packages or objects left closer than 5 ft from the door will not be visible by the camera!!! If I manually tilt the video doorbell at 45 degree angle, I can see from 2 ft away from the door. Using the optional wedge bracket is not going to be helpful either.I hope the company addresses these issues and provide better information on the limitation of the product.Good Luck.
I believe the actual function of the unit is probably ok.The structural integrity of it is another story. I tried over an hour to mount the unit to the back mount, to no success.My frustration level at this point is a bit beyond reason. No response from tech support, impossible to get anyone from Blink on the phone, even for Amazon!NOT HAPPY
I've been using 3 blink cameras with local storage (and no cloud subscription) for several months now with no issues. I installed the video doorbell on 10/29 and things initially worked fine (motion detection and recording to the free trial cloud subscription and to local storage). The next day, I cancelled the free trial as it wasn't needed and things seemed to be working fine. From that point on, the doorbell's motion detection and recording no longer worked. I could do everything else: live view, take a photo, change settings, answer a doorbell ring, but motion detection and recording no longer worked.I took the doorbell off the mount and removed the batteries to perform a "hard reset" but no luck. Email tech support was useless. After going thru basics like changing the recording clip length and 'are you sure motion detection is enabled?', I ran their special app to troubleshoot network issues.  Their recommendations were to disable the router firewall and to give separate names to the two frequency bands on my dual band router.I told them I was not going to disable the firewall as this was a basic security issue and besides, the 3 blink cameras had been working fine for months with my network configuration (and continue to do so).Having read in AnInSe's review that all videos first go to Blink's servers before being transferred to local storage, I believe there is a bug on the server side that prevents videos from going to local storage if you cancel the trial cloud subscription.**UPDATE**Three hours after posting this review, my doorbell's motion detection and recording started working after having been inoperable for three days. I did nothing on my end to fix it. I did not disable my firewall or set up separate network names for my dual band router as tech support had recommended. I had just left it mounted and running, hoping that it was either a firmware issue in the doorbell or a server side issue that Blink would eventually fix. Apparently they did.
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration-:-Loaded:0%Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.So I use 8 Blink outdoor cameras around my house, for both security and keeping an eye on my dogs.  While the Blink cameras are not the highest quality cameras you can buy,  they are adequate for my needs.  They are slow compared to the Ring cameras, especially when connecting to the Blink app on your phone so you can see live alerts immediately. But they are also a lot cheaper! It's also cheaper for the subscription plan,  choosing me $10 a month for unlimited devices to backup to the cloud.  I also use a USB memory stick with the Sync module for local backup.So wasn't expecting this doorbell camera to work as well as it does.  I was worried that it wouldn't work with my wired chime from the old doorbell. I disconnected the old doorbell,  then attached the two wires to the mounting plate for the Blink doorbell, easy so far.  Then I screwed the mounting plate in.Before mounting the doorbell, add the batteries to the doorbell camera and add the device via the Blink app. Just scan the code on the back of the device to add it quickly.  Mine synced in less than 30 seconds.  Then follow the install steps.  The wired chime inside your house and alerts on any of your echo devices will not work until you go through the whole setup in the Blink app. Took me a while to figure that out! Once I completed the setup in the app, pressing the doorbell activated the wired chime inside the house. Then the Alexa app on my phone told me the doorbell was available on the Blink SmartHome skill. Clicked the link for that and it showed you to set the doorbell camera to chime on your echo devices and you can even change the sound it uses. I have echo devices in all of my rooms,  so that made it even better!Now the quality compared to the Ring doorbell cameras is not the greatest, even at the highest settings but it is more than adequate for me. The Ring doorbells (at least the newer ones) have a wider angle lens that sees more but as you can see from the video I posted it works great fur what I need.  As I have 3 Blink cameras also watching the walkway to the door, and the driveway, in covered.  If all I was doing was using a single doorbell camera, I would have went with the Ring pro.Battery life: All Blink cameras include a set of Energizer lithium batteries.  Depending on the settings for your Blink cameras, including the doorbell camera, the battery life can vary heavily.  Blink says they can last for two years.  Well that's not gonna happen under any real world scenario! Some of the things that eat battery life the most... setting quality to high. I use medium in all my cameras. The video length for recording also can eat up battery life, as can IR intensity set to high.  I find low to medium actually looks better on most cameras. I will have to experiment with the doorbell camera to see how long batteries will last.  Most of my Blink cameras will last 4 to 6 months.  I bought the solar mount for two of the cameras in high use areas as I was replacing batteries every month abs they were mounted up high and wasn't convenient to replace batteries in those cameras.I have read forums where people use rechargeable batteries and they work fine,  even though Blink says not to. Probably a deal they worked out with Schick Technologies to get better prices on batteries.  😄 Personally I dont care for rechargeable batteries, as it is just one more thing I have to keep track of. I bought a large stock of lithium Energizer batteries from Amazon and rechargeable batteries will never last as long. Just my preference, but you do you!
This is a follow up review to a one star review that I gave on this doorbell camera. After submitting the one star, I was contacted by Blink about the review. Long story short, they provided me with a brand new camera free of charge. I also purchased the wedge mount which was super helpful as I was having extreme difficulty trying to mount the camera to vinyl siding. If you are having trouble mounting the camera I strongly recommend purchasing the wedge mount. As for the performance of the doorbell camera, just like the other  7 cameras I have installed....it's just "OK". The biggest flaw is the video quality at night time with an outdoor light shining nearby. Overall, I'm fortunate that Blink took care of me and happy with the doorbell camera.
Let's start with the obvious reason to buy this doorbell: Integration with the Alexa ecosystem you already have in your house. For me I have Echo's, Echo Show, Blink Inside/Outside cameras(6 total), Halo Fitness Tracker(not really connected but still Amazon).Out of the box, batteries in, connect to the blink app-easy. Scan a bar code and good to go. Get a warning about having a Sync Module? No problem I have it.Doorbell "No you don't".Um..yes I do, all of the cameras could tell you the same.So first red flag is it refuses to acknowledge my sync module.  A handful of powering off module, router, camera in different combinations-it finally seems to see it....ok first 40 minutes gone.Next remove the Ring doorbell that's hardwired in with no issues in a full year of use to wire in the Blink doorbell. "Your transformer doesn't seem to be compatible". Hmmm...double check the fine print, specs, requirements..yeah-yeah it is. Ok, kill the breaker, unhook, re-hook, breaker on...nope...Hook the ring doorbell back up(requires the exact same power as Blink)-works fine.Ok...so poof bang pow(get the blink wired back up, reset router and sync module) "your transformer is perfect! way to go big guy".Alrighty...Alexa app shows video, Echo Show-video check. Neat.Now for the purpose...ring the doorbell...crickets chirp...So 60+ minutes into it I go back through all the settings, test chime works fine, bell chimes on the doorbell itself, but not outside the app or the doorbell. Triple check settings...Echo's enabled as chimes...Reset router, sync module again...and again.75th time is the charm! It finally works....kinda? 90 minutes in...The shortest latency period I could manage was 43 seconds from doorbell push to echo notifications.Go ahead...hold your breath for 43 seconds...see if you're hanging out at my door that long before I even know you're there.My sync module, wireless router, anything that matters are all centrally located in my home, over 150mb speed even at the heaviest of streaming/download times. My Ring doorbell has zero issues. It does everything the Blink camera does(but actually does them). It only requires me to have an extra app on my phone.Save your time and hold off until Amazon wants to ship a functioning doorbell.(Before jumping to conclusions on my level of interaction with support staff....yes all the power up/down/unplug/plug-in, reset app, delete doorbell, hard reset module, is what hoops you'll be jumping through).
*Update* After about a week of using it there was a firmware update that fixed the chime volume at the doorbell and it's now silent. Customer service was very responsive and followed up to confirm the issue is resolved. The view and installation issues remain though so I'll update from 2 to 3 stars for now (the installation issues only seem fixable with a new design of the physical hardware).*Original Review*I was over the moon when the release of this long awaited doorbell was finally announced! I've been waiting to get rid of those terrible Ring doorbells and replace them with this.I have to say though, the only saving grace for this is the long battery life (Ring's are horrible even with all motion features turned off). With so much development time and delay under its belt, I would have expected more. Some details:* Mounting experience is horrible. I don't know what product design was thinking but that backplate you have to press the device on to is something else. You have to press really hard and push up, and there's not much feedback to see if it's secure or not.* I saw a feature in the app to turn off the ringer - which I like to do, what's the point of the outside person hearing a chime anyway. Unfortunately, this doesn't work - at all. When I asked customer service, after two back and forth exchanges, they finally admitted (and I quote) "Seems like the ringer volume on doorbell settings is not fully functional since this is a newly added feature on the app". Oh you figured that out when a customer told you? Shouldn't you have found this during your own testing? I'm not impressed.* With the Ring ones, I can see a picture of who's at the door on relevant Alexa devices with a screen. This one for some reason doesn't do that although it does announce that someone's at the door.* I have two doorbells, front and back door, and although they're both connected with a corresponding unique name, all Alexa does when someone rings the doorbell is "Someone's at the Blink Doorbell". Well, which one is what I would like to know - why can that integration not be fixed to actually use the designated label or name of the device?I do understand there will be feature and maybe some quality differences between a low price segment device such as this and more expensive ones such as the Ring range, but honestly if it weren't for the long battery life there'd be virtually no difference to me in terms of functionality (they both are bad). Honestly, for how long we've been waiting for the doorbell, and assuming it's undergone a fair amount of development since the original announcement, this product is a bit of a disappointment. One can't help but wonder, given they're both from the same parent company, if it's almost designed to push you to the more expensive range, but then why put effort into development in the first place.
Overall, for the value you get and the features I would recommend the doorbell because it isn't horrible.  I'm coming from a Ring Video doorbell 2 because I don't want to pay for recorded videos of people I have missed.  It only allows you live views, which is garbage!  I installed and am currently running on battery vs wired.  Integration with my existing Blink ecosystem was seamless and easy enough to do.  If you have an existing synch module, then you already know how to operate and setup things from the app.  All the features I had from the Blink mini and outdoor camera are the same, so there isn't a learning curve there.  I appreciate the fact that I can store motion videos in the cloud for free with the legacy synch module and don't have to pay for this service.  Maybe that will change in future?  I also like that I can upgrade the module to use store video on an external SD card locally and still not pay for cloud service.  Haven't used this feature yet, so I cannot comment on it. As you would imagine Alexa integration works fine as well, so alerts and door bell rings can be pushed to your Alexa powered devices.Now for the bad as I guess you get what you pay for.  The Blink outdoor and mini are easily 5 stars, but doorbell not so much. The reason I am giving 3 stars is because of a few things:1) the build quality is not the same as a Ring doorbell for example. Feels a little cheap and the mounting bracket and angle mounting brack are very cheap thin plastic.2) the release mechanism from the mount is absolutely horrible. I see this being a big issue for longer term and see it breaking. This is probably not a problem for those that are hard wired, but for those running on battery and need to take the doorbell on/off this is not good design. I can pretty much guarantee you will need a new mounting bracket or even new doorbell after a few battery changes. Also, the tool you use to detach the doorbell is hard to use and takes a little jiggling around to unmount the doorbell.3) there isn't a quick start guide and everything is online or in the Blink app so get it SETUP with the synch module BEFORE you try to mount!That's all I have for now.  Will update on battery life and if quality makes it past a harsh Winter and/or blistering Summer.
I purchased the Blink Video Doorbell + Sync Module 2 and Blink Video Doorbell Corner Mount. The Blink itself came with a corner mount, so buying the extra corner mount wasn't necessary. (It probably said that somewhere, but I don't remember reading that). Overall great product and I plan to buy more for the ret of my home.Likes: Easy setup for the sync module and doorbell itself. The app works well and the directions were easy to follow along. The app is nice. Easy to use. Once we set it up, it worked perfectly. We get notifications for any activity. The voice function works well.Dislikes: so-so installation. The directions could have had more details. I'm not sure if it exists, but a video installation would be helpful. One disadvantage is that you have to buy a subscription service.
If you are like me, you will likely buy this doorbell if you already own a blink system.  If you are also like me, you will want to return it when you find out it won’t store videos to your sync module like all of your other cameras and requires a subscription to Amazon cloud to do anything other than live stream.  Quite the depressing user experience
So after waiting an EXTRA long time to get the white Blink Video Doorbell, I set out to install it in place of my existing doorbell.  I already knew I had a low voltage system so no worries there.  Doorbells aren't complicated.  It's a simple switch that closes a circuit to trigger the ringer.  Blink allows the installation in a wired or wireless format. The wireless install is no different than any other Blink camera.Installation was pretty straightforward but getting the mount to "lock" into the doorbell took some persuasion.  There's no positive "click" feeling when the mount and camera are fully seated.  After hastily removing my old doorbell button and hooking up the Blink, I didn't understand why it wasn't working.  Lo and behold, during the initial addition of the Video Doorbell to your system hub, there's a walkthrough on setting it up.  I skipped that because I got interrupted by something else (squirrel!) and didn't realize it was an important step.So once I was sure everything was mounted correctly, I went into the Video Doorbell settings and configured it for a powered, mechanical chime.  The doorbell firmware did its thing and got everything working correctly.  Very nice, Blink devs.The video quality is exceptional and it's super wide angle.  The motion sensitivity is great and it catches cars going by over 50 feet away.  Night vision is excellent.There is some delay on the talk/listen feature, however.  I would argue that it's almost unusable but will hold out judgment until I've used it a little more.  It is, however, clear and very functional.Amazon provided a coupon code for the wedge mount because it wasn't included with the first run of these units.  Thanks, Amazon.I had been tracking this for what seems like years and I'm happy Amazon/Blink finally released it.  I'd argue that it's the pinnacle of my ten camera Blink installation.
This thing was pretty much plug and play. I already live in the Amazon ecosystem, so it took no time at all to get this set up. The picture looks good, and it is easy to tell everything you're looking at. I saw a few comments about people having issues with the motion sensor, but I haven't had this issue, and kinda surprised that it doesn't go off every time a car goes down the street or a cat walks by, but definitely comes on when a person walks through the yard. The microphone isn't amazing, and the person at the door has to talk louder in order for you to hear them properly, but it's not unusable by any means. The backplate that holds the batteries was defective in mine, but I contacted Blink and they had a replacement here in 2 days, so good on them. The mounting is "meat and potatoes" unless you want a super specific angle.The only reason that I'm knocking a star off is because the local backup only supports 256GB flash drives. I bought a 2 TB external USB HDD for the backup, and can't use it. I found where it stated this on the website but; A. It was something that was not easy to find and; B. This is a small amount when you are talking about recording video and audio. This means that in order to clear the drive, you are going to have to unplug it and delete everything manually, and often. Cmon, Jeff. It's 2021, and we can only use 256 GB? Kinda ridiculous...All in all, I'm happy with it. I'll be getting some of the cameras to sync with it and using the subscription service for the cloud storage. I've seen complaints about this by the way, but I don't feel like $10 a month unreasonable. If you don't like it, don't pay for it. People pay more than that for Netflix, and that does nothing to help secure you're house and property.
I had a ring doorbell that I purchased from Costco a few months back. I liked it ok but then started having issues with the motion detection and the actual ringing of the bell. Saw this on a black Friday deal at a tremendous price difference for what I paid for my ring. It's pretty comparable to the ring. Has detection that you can turn up or down depending on how sensitive you want to keep it at. Mine was picking up my neighbor across the street putting up Christmas lights which was a little too much for me. So we lowered the sensitivity. It rings to my existing chime box in my house which if it didn't would have been a deal breaker for me. I'm old school. Like to hear that ding dong instead of having to have my phone only make the sound. I did order an echo show to connect it to so I can see who's at the door when I'm cooking or doing something where I don't have my phone right next to me. Still waiting on delivery of that. It's still on back order I'm assuming because it was at such a great sale price last week. Hope that works out. The bell itself is very sleek looking. Fits on my door nicely although I must say I have it to the side so I needed to order the tilt bracket so it would face my steps properly. But that was only $7. No biggie. No issues installing or putting backing on like others have said. There is a tool in the box that helps with that. So far so good. Definitely a more cost effective alternative to a ring and so far to me this is superior to ring. If you are deciding between this and ring, especially at the price point, I say go with blink.
I have been using the Blink cameras for several years and I have always liked them. When I got the pre-order notification for the doorbell I immediately placed an order.I am more than satisfied with the video quality and settings of the device, the video is crisp and clear but of course you can adjust these settings to suit your individual preferences. Whether you want to preserve battery life or sacrifice it in spite of video quality and consistent monitoring of your home is up to you.I mounted mine with batteries as opposed to hard wiring, I also used the corner mount which had to be ordered separately (oddly) for free with a code provided by Amazon.The installation took maybe 5 minutes, it was simple and instructions are provided. Keep in mind that, to lock the doorbell in place you need to press hard. Remember, the device will be exposed to the elements and possibly tampering so it needs to be sealed tight. DO NOT throw away the small key provided in the box as you will need it in order to remove your device for whatever reason.The chime sound it emits when the doorbell button is pressed, is definitely audible and the speaker is loud and clear. The motion activation works as it should. I tested mine with a grocery delivery and the person was definitely spooked when they heard my voice, but I was glad it worked as the delivery person was not sure if it was the right home and their app was not working at the time, so we were able to communicate through the Blink doorbell. I’d say it’s totally worth it.
I've probably had this doorbell on and off the wall a good 20 times to get it setup. For starters, it's basically mandatory to have wired power from the house. It's useless without it, even though it comes with batteries. The lithium name brand batteries it came with failed in less than a week and any other batteries I use produce a low battery indicator in the user interface. Anytime I dismount the unit to address these issues I have to hit the reset button on the back, rediscover my wifi and re-enter the password, very irritating. Like the other blink devices you have to manually go through every motion notice to clear the notifications. I should have the option to clear them all. This is super irritating when you have a lot of movement like family visiting, and you see 178 notifications in the app. You also can't disarm just one camera, it's either all or none. The doorbell will go off when the cat walks by but if someone legitimately comes to the door it magically doesn't work for whatever reason. I've yet to have it successfully tell me when someone is at the door and also ring when they press it. It should do both. It also had an episode where it just wouldn't work with the alexas I set up. I had to reinstall the system to get it to connect to the alexas again. I really wish this thing was just plug and play but it's buggy and I've spent way too much time fiddling with it. I'm writing this review because 30 minutes ago someone came to the door and it failed to announce the movement and it failed to ring when they pressed the button. They had to knock. I check my other camera and I see the person press the button and just stand there wondering why nobody came to the door. But I bet 100 dollars tonight in my sleep the cat will trip the motion and my alexa will wake me up. And then the next day a delivery will come and nothing will happen. Should have gone with the Ring, you know, the device Blink is ripping off.
I may update this later.  Overall the blink system does what it says it does.  Since I just installed, and am still tweaking, it we will see about the battery life.  This system is very easy to install and set up.  There are instructions in the phone app to assist in mounting the doorbell.  There are a couple of things that are not so great though.  One is the mount for the additional camera.  The one that comes with it is garbage.  It is a friction fit that does not fit.  I wonder how many people have broken it trying to mount the camera.  I found an add on mount here which works very well.The other concern I have is with the motion detection and clip length.  I currently have the motion sensitivity set to 6 for both the doorbell and the camera.  The doorbell does well at picking up motion (i.e. cars driving by) albeit late.  Often the clip will start with the car 3/4 of the way across the view.  The other camera I have mounted on the opposite side of my garage from the doorbell.  There have been multiple instances so far where the doorbell camera picks up and records motion but the additional camera does not.The clip length is adjustable but finite.  The one thing I think would be nice is the option to have the camera continue recording as long as there is motion.  As it is the maximum clip length is 60 seconds with a minimum pause of 10 seconds before it starts again.  I would love the ability to set clip length to 10-15 seconds with the option to keep recording if there is still motion present.
With high expectation and good experience with Blink's products, mostly cameras for us, we looked forward to add the Blink Doorbell to complement the system we have.  The package came in with Amazon good, and the design on the package, graphic and all, even with a key, are good and thoughtful, the unit also seems to be working nicely as expected. After adding this doorbell unit to the phone app., we completed the software part, and started to test the unit, which seems to work just fine with camera and video recording good.  Then, after installing the back-plate to the outside wall, and tried to snap the unit onto the back-plate, as according to the instruction JIF and manual, the unit just cannot be snap into place into the back plate, after a frustrating hour to nudge and press with different degree of force and angles, the doorbell unit simple cannot be snap into place onto the backplate !!  It seems to be a design flaw somehow, that the only one time we can finally snap the doorbell unit into the backplate was, after we took the backplate out, frustratingly, and use thumb to press the backplate onto the doorbell unit!! NOTE: The force was applied from the inside, from the backplate onto the doorbell, not the way from the doorbell to the backplate as designed!  it was "impossible" for us to press and snap when the backplate is on the wall.  So, we hope the Blink team can look into this flaw and redesign the snap mechanism, with a better built back plate to complement the fine doorbell itself....Major Disappointment!
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration-:-Loaded:0%Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:001xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.I had this doorbell installed 2 days ago & after making adjustments to my settings on the Blink Home Monitoring app & Alexa I am surprisingly happy with my purchase. I already own several on the Blink Indoor cameras my for kids room & my living room entry way, so I expected expected there to be a 5-10 second lag in video display but after connecting to my Alexa app things started to look up. I live in an older house so the doorbell that's already installed sometimes goes on the fritz so I decided to install the video doorbell right above the existing one wirelessly & I was unsure of how getting alerts or hearing the doorbell was would be possible, but I ended up setting my Video Doorbell to a high sensitivity level (which will definitely mess with the battery life) so it alerts me of any movements but I have since decreased the sensitivity since then. As far as the lag goes it does not effect anything especially while the doorbell is armed it records as soon as someone approaches the general area or touches the doorbell & immediately starts recording. The 2 way talk is always a plus. Overall the camera & quality is awesome & I would recommend if you are looking for a cheaper video doorbell with good quality! Oan: installation was a breeze no mounting issues.
Installation was plain and simple.  I didn't have an existing doorbell, so I had to go with the battery only install (my old system was an intercom systems from days gone by, and no schematic to show how to grab required power from it).  I mounted it flush on my front door, and it was detected and integrated into Alexa with almost no problem.  Then the notices of movement started...and continued...again, and again.  During the day, I have my system armed to get motion detection on my (hardwired) Blink cameras.  The doorbell camera captured every neighbor, UPS, Fedex, Amazon, and lawn service vehicle driving by.  Annoying, and figure it'll go thru batteries at a stupid rate.  There needs to be an option to only capture motion during specific hours (I'd LOVE to know if anyone were roaming around at night, after everyone is in bed, etc.) but there doesn't seem to be the flexibility to specify times for individual devices for motion detection.  It's either on for everything or not.  Disappointing.  So for now I've disabled it, and plan to write a product request to the Blink development team, which I fully expect to be ignored, about better ways to handle motion detection.  On the positive side, when the doorbell was pressed, I did get notification on the app and via Alexa, so there's something.
$35 currently for the Blink doorbell unit only vs $60 for the Ring Wired (both amazon owned)We already have installed a Blink outdoor cam system so adding the Blink Doorbell was a no brainer.  And just in case we purchased a Ring Wired if the Blink unit was a fail - it is not.I have a wired doorbell now (house was built in '89) so install as a wired unit was pretty easy - I did also order and needed both the wedge and angle pieces (sold separately) Follow the instructions and easy peasy - done.When "Armed" motion detected will prompt your echo devise to say - Motion detected @ door bell or something(?)When Armed OR Disarmed and Doorbell button is pressed - My wired doorbell rings, the unit chimes, my phone chimes AND Echo devise states some is @ your doorbell(?)  so so far very happy.BLINK DOES NOT INTEGRATE WITH SMARTTHINGS - Ring DOES - this in not an issue for me.  about the only good thing of our Ring when we had it was its integration as a motion detector (Ring Pro) video was excellent but the latency was horrible and it's what 4-5x the cost of Blink.if you have Ring cams and need a doorbell - get the Ring (wired seems to be the best option now, or Pro)if you blink cams - get the Blink doorbellgood luck!
So a customer service rep reached out and ended up sending me a new device. I had similar issues with the new one but finally a new mounting plate seems to have fixed the issue! I am finally up and running and at least after the first day, it seems to be a lot better!I think they could do a better job on the install hardware but once it's set up, it seems good so far![Previous Review] Sent this back after trying to install for two days. I am a techie who has built lots of PCs, 3D printers, fixed lawnmowers, etc. but I could not get this to mount correctly and even when it seemed like it was mounted, it wouldn't activate my indoor doorbell.Very disappointed in the whole process.
I mistakenly believed that this would integrate well with my Echo Show device in a way that when someone rang the doorbell, the picture would automatically pop up on the Show device... That is not the case.  The audio alert comes quickly however and the phone notification comes quickly but it's still awkward to have to manually "summon" the camera to show you who is at the door.  That's just one of my disappointments.  Beyond that, why does the chime ring LOUDLY outside when someone rings the bell?  They don't need to hear it, I do!  Yet inside the house,  the ding is softer on both the echo show and the cell phone, and if you aren't in the same room as either of those devices, you are not going to hear it!  So overall it is an ill conceived device that has many shortcomings.  Unlike many, I did not have any mounting issues, but then I am handy with tools.  However for the price I will keep it for use as an additional on demand security camera, that works on same app as my Blink xt2 Cameras.  In fact it is at a  lower price point than the individual wireless Blink  outdoor cameras anyway, and does the same thing from what I see.  But it's pretty worthless as a "video doorbell,"  because its too much trouble to bring up the video or still picture.
I ordered this because I have 3 Blink Cameras and a subscription already that could support more.  I also had  Ring subscription for my OG Ring Doorbell and figured I could save some $$$.Nice product - look and feel.  Easy install, for those that complained about how hard it was to snap the doorbell to the back plate - try a little silicon grease on the seal.  Snaps right on.The Good -  great picture and it rings the old school doorbell.  That's really about it I guess its a solid value for ~$50.  But...The Bad - it hooks up to the house wiring, but does NOT use that as a power source!? That makes no sense.  As I said I have 3 blink sec cameras on a dusk to dawn schedule.  Well after adding the doorbell, I assumed you could create different schedule.  You can't, so I ether have my door bell only armed at night :-/ or I have the other 3 cameras armed all day (and get a TON of movement notifications)  - Neither works.  Lastly, they include a little "special key" to remove the doorbell (remember you will have to change the batteries!).  Well a small screwdriver works just as well, so not really a key and some one could steal your door bell.These limitations may be fine for others it wasn't for me.Anyway - Like I said I really wanted this to work, but its going back and I am upgrading to a newer Ring.UPDATE 11/16/21 - I have upped this to 4 stars based on customer service and support(via email, the phone guys are trying but reading from a document so no real knowledge).  They couldn't fix any of the issues above, but did help solve the motion schedule issue(you need a 2nd Sync2 module).  They have been awesome at communication and when I had an issue with pink image sent a replacement in a day!and Yes I decided to keep it, for the back door.  The front (sorry to say) has a Ring Pro.
I don’t have any complaints that are dealbreakers at this price point. I wanted a doorbell which is what I got. I like that it can be connected to the echo show and alerts you that someone is at the door. Seems to be much quicker than the blink camera that was in the same area to alert you of motion. Especially the app. Alexa has a slight delay. If someone pushes the button, the Alexa  announcement is a couple seconds behind. The app takes you straight to live view if the notification is tapped and you are able to catch someone and talk to them before they walk away. Setting up a routine with the echo show will automatically open live view too if you choose. A little slower but not bad. Much faster then asking Alex to show you.Yes, getting the doorbell attached to the mounting plate took a minute to figure out but figure that’s not a bad thing. At least it’s secure.  People are a little dark in the video so assume some front light would help offset all of the backlight but you can make people out.I haven’t had any other video doorbell and understand there’s others that have more bells and whistles. I also don’t have a regular doorbell either so adding this to a system I already have that is much cheaper than the others and alerts me when someone pushes the button is great!
I've been part of the blink ecosystem for a long time, and always wanted a video doorbell, but i didn't want to have to deal with two apps and get one from [the other guys]. So glad this finally launched.Installation was super quick and easy. I have mine wired into the original doorbell, so it runs off wired power and uses my physical chime box that came with the house. Video quality is just like the XT2 or Mini cameras, and it's super responsive.  Build quality feels nice.
I purchased the bundle containing the doorbell, snych module, and corner bracket (which I didn't need). The assembly instructions were a bit confusing, with several sets of often vague instructions available in printed and electronic form. But finally everything came together OK despite my spotty assembly skills.Attaching the doorbell to the door bracket was a bit tricky, as others have noted. I found that aligning the top of the doorbell with the top of the bracket so that they are touching, then pushing in and down works fairly smoothly. Removal of the doorbell with the supplied key is easy.The synch module readily logged into wifi and I had no difficulties with the phone app and video playback and storage. But it has only been a week. I plugged a flash drive into the synch module, so we'll see how that works for local storage when my free cloud subscription expires.All in all, a functional video doorbell at a good price--better if you bundle and get it on sale. Only apparent drawbacks are unclear installation instructions and some difficulty installing doorbell, as noted.
Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time0:00/Duration0:26Loaded:7.17%0:00Stream TypeLIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time-0:261xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio TrackFullscreenThis is a modal window.I was really excited to get this doorbell especially since I just moved and don’t currently have a doorbell. It arrived a few days early but when I went to set it up and put it together I wasn’t able to connect the back to it because it was sort of bent away and wouldn’t connect properly. I contacted support about it and the first thing they offered was a discount but didn’t solve the issue of not being able to put it up. I was already annoyed at the fact I couldn’t put up the doorbell but not being offered an actual solution didn’t make it any better. Make sure you check that it connects properly before trying to install it to the house.
Love the device etc., BUT the baking mount literally takes forever to attach. It's complete garbage if it takes me an hour to attach the camera to the backing. I already broke one of the backing teeth because (even properly angling it as shown and moving it down per instructions) it doesn't fit. It shouldn't be such a pain in the ass to setup from app download to physically attaching it. Get it together BLINK. I want to return it but I'm gonna have to macgyver this b!tch.UPDATE:Blink has very responsive reps that care about their products. I had a nice exchange for a replacement to be sent. Although I didn't require it since I figured out a way to stabilize the backing with my unit, I did mention that a customizable solution for when people are shopping online on Amazon can cater their backing mount options to their door. Blink offers an angled corner backing that I wasn't aware of and wasn't shown through search results via Amazon's algorithm. Just another option to look into if you don't have a flat surface near where you mount.
I’ve been waiting for Blink to have a doorbell to go with my extensive blink ecosystem. This is a great addition.Pros: Great image, ,option detection, connection to hardwired doorbell, installation couldn’t be simpler.Con: Hideous static noise in all captured video whether live view or motion detection capture.Reset my router as requested by tech support. My router & blink module are right on the other side of the wall. No change in static noise in all videos. Amazon sent me a replacement which I just installed. Fortunately it is a breeze to setup. Unfortunately the static is still there & slightly louder.I am keeping the doorbell because I love Blink, hoping that there will be a software update at some point to resolve the static sound.Also, Blink please update to allow the doorbell lighted ring to glow a bit at night. It is impossible to find it in the dark. All other video doorbell have the lighted circle.If those two things are resolved there is no reason to not recommend this unit.
First, lets sum this up by saying this is a fantastic option for Alexa smart home users and Blink Users, for those familiar enough with the Amazon/Alexa ecosystem you can set this up many ways in your smart home. If your a Blink Camera Security user this is a no brainer. Installation is a breeze, I used my existing wires from my current hardwired doorbell and it worked perfect (Turn off power at the circuit breaker). Doorbell is pressed, the guest hears a chime at the doorbell itself, and the original indoor chime works on the wall as it always has. There is even the ability to adjust your electronic or piston based wall mounted powered doorbell from within the app to get the best sound from your bell (genius). That’s the easy and straightforward part, this is when the fun begins. The doorbell itself can be set in various configurations. It can be set/armed along with your outdoor cameras and notify you as well as record when it senses motion, with the same settings to record as your standard cameras. You can also set and customize motion zones as well as privacy zones in it’s field of view (nice features). IR intensity, recording time, trigger time, end recording early, it’s all there. There are also a series of actions you can set for when the actual doorbell is pressed, or it sees motion. For example, if the doorbell senses motion at the door you can set Alexa devices in the house (you choose which ones) to announce that someone is at the front door, or in addition you can have it play one of a half dozen or more “chimes” that play right on the Alexa device of your choice which are selectable within the Alexa App (Echo speakers, Fire TV, Echo Video Screens, etc). For video enabled devices, you can also have the live video feed start automatically and you can enjoy two way audio as you speak with your visitor. This also works on your cell phone while away from the house. For those with Alexa “Auto”, these notifications can be set to announce there as well. For those looking to take things further, motion or a button press on the doorbell can also be used to set custom actions within your smart home, turning lights on, Changing a Hue light’s color, etc.. you have many many actions. As an example, I have mine set to Turn on the front outside lights (at certain times of the day to give the visitor a visual cue that the house is aware they are there), I have Alexa play a customized notification on three Alexa devices in the house (Verbally announcing what I typed it to say, have fun with this one), and a custom Chime (in addition to my house doorbell). It also sends notifications to my phone, my car, and records the visitor. Original Blink buyers continue to enjoy free cloud storage as with their other cameras, and if you install and use the most recent sync module, you can choose to record locally for the doorbell off the USB port to a Drive. I also have the ability to answer the door either manually or if I set it automatically off the FireTV in the livingroom.. Bottom line, the Amazon ecosystem gives you an almost unlimited amount of customizations for your smart home if you choose, including the ability to automatically turn on outside and inside lights (you select which ones) when someone comes to the front door based on either motion, or a doorbell press. I find the video quality to be quiet good keeping in mind this is a fisheye setup, the IR light is strong enough for people at the door, daytime quality is great, sensitivity is great, sound is great. While there is a delay when speaking I find it more that acceptable (around 1-2 sec), much better than what you experience when using the outdoor cameras speaker function (Which do not provide two way audio like the doorbell). I would recommend those buying the camera to buy the wedge/corner mount to properly aim the camera towards where the person is likely to be standing, but this is not a must have depending on your door. I also found mounting to be very easy, secure (if they really want it they are going to get it, but your likely to have video of who took it anyway), and despite the negative comments about mounting the slide-on camera it was super easy and secure (not sure why some are having issues, there are no issues). Just another excellent addition to the BLINK offering.
I bought this because I am already committed to the Blink Ecosystem (I have five cameras), so I figured this was a no-brainer.While it works pretty well, I'm less than impressed with the mounting.  Mine came with the corner tab (a must because my doorbell would otherwise be looking at the back of a decorative pillar), and the installation of the corner mount made the whole system a mess.  The mount screws make it kind of flimsy, and the doorbell unit itself was a pain to mount.  Sure, I could go buy other screws (which it looks like I will have to do, but it should have just been better designed.  The corner mount made the whole doorbell less than awesome as an experience.Also, the requirement that I need to press the doorbell to "arm" it after enabling it is poorly thought out.  I want to be able to arm/disarm my whole system remotely.  If I remember to arm it after-the-fact when I leave the house, it now will not work unless someone pushes the doorbell (or it waits a full 24 hours).  Not a good feature.
UPDATE - Blink support reached out to me after my initial review and offered to send me a replacement free of charge.  They took the initial feedback seriously.  After receiving my second camera and mount, I installed the mount using my own screws meant for hardi-plank siding.  This worked fine.  When the mount bracket and back are solid and stable, the camera clicks on fairly easily.  Doorbell camera is now up and running.  It integrates nicely into my echo with video.I was able to wire it in the existing doorbell spot and it controls my chime as expected.I plan to use it for a while and then add more to the review.I'm changing my initial review from one to four stars.  I'm found this solely on the effort from support.  Haitham with Blink went above and beyond to make sure I got taken care of.  Much appreciated!!--- Original Review --Let me first say I've had blink cameras for almost three years now.  I've been happy with the blink system and camera function.I patiently waited for a doorbell to add to the system. I was excited when one finally was released.  Then I got it...First off, Amazon needs to realize that people mounting these with screws are likely putting them into fiberboard cement siding.  I got the angled mount (which should come with the camera but doesn't) and they give you two teeny tiny machine screws to mount it.  To your house.  So right away I had to go find different screws.  Fine.  No big deal.  Got it mounted and moved on.Next they tell you to mount the camera cover.  The hardware that they send for this job is so soft you can practically squish it between your thumb and finger!  Every turn of the screw you can just see the metal coming off.  By 6 or 7 turns, I couldn't tell it was a Phillips screw anymore.  When I got the bottom one snug, the head of the screw just broke clean off in the mount rendering it useless.I thought maybe I could make it work with one screw but like others mentioned you have to be Bobby Fischer to figure out how to get the camera to slide onto the back.  I tried several times and finally gave up, shoved it back in the box and returned it.  Save yourself a headache and just mount one of the outdoor cameras above your door.  This cheapo product is not worth the effort.
I order this under preorder before reviews came out. But I did read the reviews about bad mounting over the last few weeks before it got here but kept my order today. I was hoping I would get one without the issues or with my background in Tech could find an easy fix...I can build computers and repair just about anything, But I was wrong. Sadly this product is just not ready for market. The like the software, app, and even the camera on this doorbell however the mount is the biggest miss here. This doorbell would get an easy 5 stars if the mount on the thing worked. After drilling holes and mounting it next to the front door the doorbell won't go on the mount no matter how you try it. I tried every other way to get this to fit into the hooks. Nope... If I wasn't so lazy I would return the product however I rigged the mount with double-sided tape and mounted it with command strips. Hopefully, it will hold and no one will try to rip it off. I really wanted to love this product.
I really like the device.  I have to actually mount it.  It’s is a bit confusing trying to understand the features.  It kept mentioning something about paying for a subscription which, is not what I want and something about a free 30 day trial not really sure what that’s all about.  I am able to use it at this time and if it doesn’t work I guess I will update the review.  The night vision is on point as soon as it noticed low or dim light the night vision feature turns on right away.  The motion detection is amazing it’s all real time.  Definitely with the buy especially for the price
I just installed my Blink Doorbell and it is WONDERFUL!!!  I did the wireless installation.  I had some problems in the beginning because I wasn't getting notifications on my iphone. But, I called customer service and they were GREAT!  The guy walked me through every step and now it is all PERFECT!!  I love that you can use the microphone even if the person doesn't actually ring the doorbell.  Might have some fun with that next Halloween!!  It is even more wonderful than I expected! I already had the Blink module and 4 cameras. I've had those for years...keeping an eye on my cats!  Now, I have the Blink Doorbell and I couldn't be happier!
When someone rings the doorbell, it tells you on your phone and the Echo makes a sound (like any doorbell), however it doesn't show the video until you ask it to.  When you ask it to show the video, it takes another 10 seconds to load the video.  Seems like by the time you get to Alexa & ask to see the video & it finally loads, the  person at the door has already left.  Pointless.You are able to create a "Routine" that will show the doorbell automatically, but it won't stop showing the doorbell video until you ask it to stop.  There doesn't seem to be a way to tell it to show a finite amount of video, as the "show me the doorbell" command has to be the last one.If what you want is a motion detection camera, this does the trick.  If you were expecting this to be a video doorbell when combined with an echo, then I give it 1 star.I updated to 3 stars based on interaction with tech support - they definitely stand by their products.
I've had the Blink wireless outdoor camera for about a year now.  Love that thing.  I've never had to replace the batteries in it since we purchased it.  Motion detection works great, storage is wonderful as the subscription price is fair in my opinion.As for the Blink Doorbell, we have only had it for about a week now and so far, I'd say it's good.  I have found that we prefer to have the motion detection turned off on the camera so we only receive recorded videos when someone rings the doorbell.  We are using our Alexa device as our doorbell sound inside our home, that was somewhat easy to set up.  Found plenty of information online as to how to do that.  Only negative thing i'd say is that it is very difficult to mount the camera itself to the mounting bracket if you do not know ahead of time what to do.  Once the bracket is mounted, you will need to line up the grooves on the back of the camera slightly higher than the ones on the mounting bracket so that you can FIRMLY slide the camera down and lock in into place.  A fair amount of force was required for this.Overall, we are happy so far.
I have a very love/hate relationship with this system. It’s worth the read if you have an elderly parent/grandparent. Bare with me…..Likes: I love the convenience of the system. They are battery operated so essentially if you have Wi-Fi the cameras work. The picture is great and the battery life isn’t bad even when in “alarmed” mode and utilized multiple times a day. This works great for keeping an eye on my grandma and keeping her home as long as possible. It creates a sense of comfort so I can check in on her multiple times a day and make sure she is safe.Dislikes: The cameras can have quite a bit of delay. Sometimes by the time I’m notified of someone in my driveway, they’re already out of their car and standing at the door. I’m hoping the doorbell will help with this.My biggest downside, while I know this won’t be an inconvenience or issue for most it is a huge negative for my family and I and our situation. Let me explain….My elderly grandma still lives at home. We like to keep an eye on her. So myself, my dad and my aunt all have access to her account.I like the camera system enough that I invested in the system myself for my home. Here lies the issue. I’d like to be able to receive notifications from both locations. In order to do this, I need both on the same account. When I do that, my dad and aunt also have access to see my cameras which I don’t want.  The only other option is to log in and out of each account. My grandmas account is set up under her phone number. Every time I log off I need to “verify” the account with a text code that is sent to her. My grandma is 84 and doesn’t know how to text. The other option is to choose which house I’d like to watch for the day. How do you choose 🤷🏻‍♀️I really hope that blink will look into this and create a way where I can possibly keep both accounts logged in, receive notifications from both locations and not have my dad know every time my mom (his ex-wife) comes over to visit.
UODATE: I ordered the corner mount and that made all the difference in getting my doorbell in place. Blink was very responsive to my concerns and I was able to get someone to assist me with the final mounting, and I am grateful for the added layer of vision this new angle allows. I love my blink system and how easily it works with Alexa!  If you have trouble, reach out to their customer service folks. They will not disappoint!(Original post written in the throes of frustration: The instructions to mount the frame are easy to follow. Attaching the unit to the mounted frame has, thus far, kept me from using the device. Either I’m an idiot or the mounting and securing is too difficult for an elderly woman with a bum shoulder. I want to return it, but I need the security measure. I’d welcome any advice you’ve got.)They read it, reached out and responded with kindness and help! I love Blink!
After reading professional reviews that said the detection and image qualities were good but not quite as good as Ring and others, I decided to give it a try when I could get this for $35 vs. $100+ for other makers.  I use the Blink system and have 4 cameras outside for security and know they are reliable.  That said the Doorbell is just excellent.  The doorbell is fairly close to the blink module inside the house which may result in improved reliability compared to the reviews I read.  The image quality is exceptional (you can change it from low to high, I have it set on high).  The detection is also incredible, always lets me know when there is someone there at the door.  I have it integrated with Alexa and one of my echo shows and you can view the last activity instantly from the show and see who is there.  I would highly recommend this over other products as it is a lot cheaper and works as advertised.
I was an early adopter of the Blink camera system. I own several, and have recommended Blink to many, many people. Sadly, this new doorbell missed the mark - the mounting system is a design failure. I attempted to mount and and dismount the camera from the backplate prior to drilling holes in my steel siding. Now, I'm very competent, and confident with DIY projects, however, even after watching the instructional video and reading numerous reviews, I truly struggled with this design. I eventually managed to get the camera mounted to the backplate, but even with the supplied tool, removal was simply too cumbersome. Sadly, I'm returning this even before trying out the actual performance of the product. After all, how am I supposed to eventually change the batteries when it's mounted to the house when I can't easially open it on my kitchen counter? Sorry Blink. Back to the drawing board.
Overall, it's an ok product.  It took several days to adjust the camera settings and activity zones to avoid getting car traffic alerts.  This did involve dialing back the camera sensitivity which may be the reason for the inconsistent results we are having with motion detection.  There is still a degree of confusion about the motion detection - some say that it detects motion even with the overall system is disarmed (we already have Blink cameras operational).  Others say it only detects motion when the system is armed or someone rings the bell.  The camera does turn on when the bell is rung - that is consistent and the sound quality of the chime and the microphone/speaker is good.  We have two instances of motion detection when the system is off, so I'm guessing the first claim is true, but it is really inconsistent.  Since we have the other cameras (that are very reliable) it's not critical for our purposes (doorbell with camera).  However, it would be nice to know if, perhaps, we have a malfunctioning unit.  We did not experience any difficulties with mounting the unit to the house as some have stated.  It is a snug fit, but the instructions are very clear and it was up in one try.  Syncing to the existing system was simple and literally took about 2 minutes.
I was nervous to buy this device because of the negative reviews regarding mounting. However I’m glad I bit the bullet and did it. I had a Ring 2 doorbell however without the Ring alarm system and already having Blink cameras to watch my dog, I wanted to consolidate my apps for security. So I got the blink doorbell and I had no issues mounting — unless I did it incorrectly? The app walked me through all of the instructions in order to get it set up and installed on my house. And because I live in a duplex the wide angle was a nice surprise. It gives me the right view so I can see someone coming up our stairs without invading my neighbor’s privacy. It also gives me a good view of the front door even though it’s not mounted right next to it .I haven’t quite figured out if the connection with Alexa is as seamless as the Ring was. But I think I’m handy enough to make things work.You really can’t beat the price. And now I’m able to give my Ring to someone who just wants to watch their doorstep.Curious to see how long the batteries last. I think it said over a year. For me that’s nice because I hated having to charge the ring battery. Even though I had it hard wired, the cold weather would eventually deplete the battery. I find it much easier to just pop in AA batteries.Overall I think none of these doorbells have it all. You’ve just got to find what works for you. Between my simplsafe alarm system and smart lock and my Blink indoor cameras that are so affordable, and now the added security being able to see my front doorstep, I’m a happy camper.So far the only complaint I have is that I can’t set the doorbell to have motion alerts unless my system is armed. I kind of want to get motion alerts even when I’m home during the day but I don’t necessarily want to arm my system because I have other cameras in the house that I’ll trigger while I’m home. I don’t want to turn off motion announcements on those other cameras because I want to watch my dog while I’m gone.
Disappointed is an understatement. I’ve had blink products for years and this was the first price of equipment from them that has totally fallen flat. I know it’s a cheap alternative to other security systems but I got it to sync to my other 4 cameras and was completely underwhelmed. First off you can’t set up a scheduled time for the doorbell to come on without purchasing another module on top of the one you own (which I already have for my other cameras). Secondly you have to force the front plate onto the mounted plate almost to the point to where you’re afraid the cheap plastic is going to break but somehow it latches into place. I put all of my weight onto it and was afraid I was going to rip the screws out of the trim. Then once installed the motion detection feature (even after turned on) doesn’t work. Don’t plan on this recording anything unless someone pressed the chime button (which does work). Overall I’m disappointed in blink and probably will be looking to switch to another service once the batteries on my current cameras die again for the umteenth time….
I usually wait for a month or so to review a product like this to see how it performs but since it is new and there are few reviews I am submitting this after only a few days.I already had four other Blink cameras installed so this doorbell was added to an existing hub.  I replace a wired doorbell with the Blink doorbell. The physical install is 2 screws for mounting and an additional 2 screws to connect the existing doorbell wires which is optional.  The setup is ridiculously easy on the Blink app.  All together installation was about 15 minutes, most of which was reading the instructions.The picture quality is excellent.  Motion detection is the same as the cameras and night vision on my front porch is excellent.  The existing doorbell dings and dongs like it should and my phone notifies me in second of the doorbell being pushed.  Remarkable for $50 is all I can say.  I will update the review in a month or so. So far, so good.
UPDATE: okay after speaking to Blink’s technical support they immediately offered help. I love this doorbell camera! I have an echo show and an echo dot in another room and I am able to hear when the doorbell is being rung simply through the Echo devices! It’s super convenient to see who’s at the door on the echo show as well! The picture and sound quality on this doorbell is sooo great. They also let me know they are working on bringing on a chime as well, which is amazing! Thank you blink :)Preordered this device since everyone had something negative to say about the ring but at this point that must’ve been the better option. I won’t be able to know if my doorbell has been rung unless my phone is on loud and on??? Where is the chime? Something to plug into wall to hear it from another room? It’s inconvenient, plus it takes a while from the click of the doorbell to actually get a notification on my phone. Not liking it so far. Other than that, it’s hard to put on the wall but picture quality is good and motion detection works so far.
I'm not able to put my trust in the doorbell. I know for a fact that even wired the doorbell will go dead in 3 days.I don't know who the genius is on programming and making the doorbell work.  IF THE DOORBELL IS WIRED THRU YOUR OLD BUTTON THE POWER SHOULDN'T BE GOING THRU THE BATTERIES AT ALL. I'm so disappointed about the whole thing. With the sync module has made the doorbell operating for now 1week so I'm just waiting for it to go dead.  Who even came up with how the doorbell operates I don't know. I'm probably going to go back to my Ring doorbell.
I pre-ordered the blink doorbell as soon as I heard about it and it finally arrived!Ignore the bad reviews! I honestly believe that they are all based on user-error. The setup and installation literally took me less than 10 minutes. I used the wired connection to connect the doorbell to the chime in my home. Instructions were straight forward and clear. Doorbell snapped onto mounting bracket with a little effort, but that’s what I want for security purposes.I tested the motion detection and video and all works great! The only complaint that I have and will change my review to five stars once fixed is the video color. Faces are blown out by the sun and bright light behind the person. I’m expecting that this will be fixed with a firmware update.I am very happy so far and glad to add the doorbell to my blink camera system.
Overall I like this doorbell.  I would give it five stars except for the long delay before I can view or talk to the person ringing the doorbell.  If I set the video to record clip when doorbell is pressed then I can't talk or view until the clip is finished recording.  If I don't record clip the fastest is saying talk to front on the echos.  The echo show take longer because a prompt "waiting for blink camera" comes up for several seconds before I am able to talk.  Ideally, I would like to record a clip when away and talk to person ringing the doorbell immediately.
All the support videos for mounting the doorbell made it look very easy.FYI- it is NOT that easy. I broke one of the hinges that is supposed to lock onto the doorbell because the instructions say use “moderate force”.Both my husband and I had to give up trying to get this thing mounted because we were getting so frustrated.I tried again in the morning and FINALLY got it in place but just be weary, it’s definitely NOT as easy as the videos make it look. The video on the blink app shows the woman just casually sliding it into place and that is just totally not accurate.As far as the doorbell itself, it’s a decent little camera and the quality is pretty good.I have an Amazon package getting delivered today so I’m curious to see how the motion detection will work.It got 3 stars because of the mounting difficulty
The product works well however without the cloud subscription this product is useless.  I emphasize this because disk space is very cheap and for Amazon not to allow the consumer to leverage local storage is being greedy.  You can purchase a 256gb usb stick for 30 bucks which could hold a year or more of video. I am going to try the Eufy product it allows to use your own storage no subscription.  So for this I give this product one star
Update: I was contacted by a blink support team member who was very helpful.  Not sure what they did but the doorbell now records to the local storage of the sync module without having a blink subscription.Doorbell was easy to install.  The doorbell records video to the cloud just fine but will not record video to the USB storage of the blink sync module 2.  If you don't want cloud storage then don't buy this doorbell because it doesn't record to the sync module as it should.  Tech support first said batteries were no good but when tested both batteries were at the proper 1.5v.  Called tech support again and was told to wait until the free trial of the cloud storage expires to see if it starts recording to the USB (will update review when trial expires).  All other blink cameras installed record to USB but this doorbell will not.
The camera is good. It installed and set up pretty easily. I added it to my existing Blink system. It is able to notify me using my many Echo devices when someone rings my door bell which is good. I have several Echo Shows and I think it should pop up a live feed (or at least a picture) automatically when someone rings the bell. Instead I get a message that someone is ringing my door bell. Even better since it is 2021 would be to recognize the person and tell me "Joe Smith is ringing your door bell"!The picture quality of the camera is pretty good. Unlike the other Blink cameras it's more of a fish eye view to capture the whole area.One thing I thought was a bit strange during the installation. Even though I'm using the power from the door bell wires, I still had to put the batteries in to set up the power part and the part that actually rings the physical door bell.
Dislike:Most say the mounting is difficult, I find it incredibly easy and even easier to remove. I can pop it on and off easily which means it could get stolen.The camera angle is bad. I used to just use an outdoor camera mounted above my door, which sees everything including faces, where packages are left, etc, and is out of reach from thieves. This doorbell camera doesn’t see the ground in front of the door, you just get waist up and lots of sky. Basically - blind spots everywhere. I’m guessing this is typical of any doorbell camera so less of a knock in blink and just a realization these things are a waste of money without serious mounting modifications.It’s a fairly large doorbell, and if you need a wedge or modification to mount it, it protrudes out a lot.Doesn’t seem very weather resistant. Lots of gaps, doesn’t sit flush or tight. Not a problem for me since I have a large covering but for some this could pose an issue.Like:You can connect it to your doorbell, which worked out well enough.Easy to set up and mount, took all of 15 min.Price… for just the doorbell it’s less than half most other options, so I won’t feel too bad when it aggravates me enough that I ditch it.Summary I’ll use it for a while and see how it goes but a security camera above the door plus a regular doorbell is a much better set up.
Works great BUT the only 2 gripe I have1: Is the "limit the Field of view" doesn't work to help you limit what the camera picks up when you have the "Motion camera" Enabled, I know that is a BETA feature but I have used it on the stand alone camera's for a VERY long time and would be nice to have working. With out this feature working the camera picks up vehicles going up and down the road or even Horses across the road about 60' away and will really eat up the Batteries quickly.2: To have a real inside doorbell sound inside without having a wired Doorbell you need to buy the "CHIME" I think or have your phones volume turned up and with you but if your not home and others are they just hear the Alexa say your message, My Alexa merely tells me someone is at the front door and doesn't really ring.B Mills
I’ve been waiting at least 4 years for this Blink doorbell product.  I initially installed Blink cameras around my home, but had to add a Ring doorbell for the front door entry area.  I don’t know why it took Blink so long to develop the doorbell.Anyways, it’s finally here and it works fine!  I no longer have to rely on a two-vendor solution. ( It was a hassle having to maintain a Blink and Ring solution.)The doorbell integrates seamlessly with the rest of the Blink products.  It was very easy to add and install.  As others have mentioned, the only challenge was slipping back on the top cover (needs to be pressed on and slid down).The video quality is great and the ring is loud.  I have no complaints.  It’s no different from the rest of my Blink cameras, and can be just as easily monitored on my iPhone and computers.
I have multiple blink cameras so I decided to get the doorbell when it came out. I had gotten my daughter a Ring camera and it was fairly easy to install. Right out of the box you can see how cheaply made the camera is. Includes nothing to assist with the install. Ring came with everything you needed from the blocks to the drill bit to install in brick. Any accessories you need must be ordered separately. It did come with screws to use in wood. Also if you thing you are doing away with batteries by hard wiring it, wrong!!! The wiring only powers the bell not the camera. Ring come with 2 rechargeable batteries so you can swap them out. I pre ordered the Blink in October, got it in November didn't really look at it till now...so out of my return window. Plus they already lowered the price 15.00 dollars from what I paid.
My doorbell is set into an alcove in my home and the old button doorbell was flush mounted to a side wall, so a 45 degree mount is the only option for my home. I had a Ring doorbell (720 dpi) and it was time to upgrade it to the newer Blink system of cameras that I already have inside my home. I waited for the new Blink doorbell that just released (shipped 11/01/21) with the higher video resolution, but had to do mod on the old Ring mount so as to make it face the correct way out. I created a faceplate out of an old clear plexiglass scrap I had laying around. Marked where holes were on the old Ring doorbell were located on the Plex which was easy since it was clear anyways. Cut, drilled and mounted it to the old 45 degree Ring base. It's not half bad and a fresh coat of house paint over the mount and new faceplate will serve it well. It took awhile to figure out the most optimal way to set the setting in the phone app... but with a little trial and error I figured it out. Put all your Blink cameras on the same category as your Blink Sync Module 2. Arm the entire system then click on the little runner icon above each camera to turn off your interior cameras so as not to get false alarms as you walk around in your own home. This way only your outdoor cameras are armed during your awake hours.
First time user for video doorbells with zero experience with home security systems. This was very easy to install and set up. Great quality of video and pictures. Only issue I had was that I wasn't getting notifications from the app and support wasn't helpful, kept trying to get me to return the device even tho I kept telling them that the bell/camera works fine, it was the app that wasn't sending push notifications. Eventually I figured out to just clear out the cache from the app and that did the trick. I did not get a Sync as this is the only Blink device I have but I may invest in another Blink camera with Sync for my back entrance/porch area. I'm still in the trial period for the subscription service and I'll probably subscribe once that's over since it's so cheap ($30/yr for Basic). IMO this is a great intro to video doorbells and basic home security, especially for the price point.
Finally Blink produced a doorbell. When I got the notification I went ahead and pre-ordered. If you invested into the cameras already the doorbell is a no brainer. Once you scan the qr code everything syncs to your account. Name the camera, pick its location.... smooth setup. It can either be battery powered or hard wired to an existing doorbell. We preferred the battery option so we'd get the optimal placement for it. This being our first video doorbell I have nothing to compare it to. Honestly never thought of purchasing one until this was offered. We have no issues. Only thing I'd ask is would it be possible in a update to add a few new chimes. Our previous battery powered doorbell and receiver speaker's bells were more harmonious vs blink's sounding winey. Maybe it's in the settings... If so I'll update this post.
I pre-ordered this and didn't get the wedge to help angle the product which would have been very helpful. The only thing I wish it had was a live view.Update. I've had this for a month and find it to be nearly worthless. It takes too long to realize that it's seen something. By the time it notifies me and I look at what it's recorded nothing is there. I have gig internet so it's not that. I will have a delivery driver park in front of my house, walk up my driveway and drop the package in front of the door, walk down the driveway and leave and it doesn't start recording until the vehicle is gone. Then it says you have a live view but the action is gone. Plus I really wanted something that I could drop in on and see live because I wanted to not just because of a package. Like if I hear a car I'd like to open the app tap live view and look out the doorbell. That should be an obvious addition. I'm considering just sending it back and paying for the ring doorbell
I was really looking forward to the doorbell feature of a Blink as I have four Blink cameras throughout my house.  What a disappointment!  When someone rings the doorbell, it takes close to two minutes before it rings on my phone, so I haven't actually had a conversation with anyone.  I also have no photos of any delivery person dropping anything off on my porch - and I have received packages.  I will continue to experiment with the sensitivity, but I'm not hopeful.  Also, when I go to take a photo of the front porch from my phone, more times than not, I get the message, "Thumbnail failed."  The live camera works adequately but the background sounds like an airport.  I'm thinking of returning it in hopes of getting a better unit, but it's such a pain now that it is secured to the wall.  I have not tried the integration with Alexa.
Needs the absolute best wifi on planet earth to even work.Does NOT have a door bell chime inside the house you will need your phone with you at all times.Loading the live view is impossible. I included a shortened video it went on longer.This product works when it wants toIt’s only been 3 hours with it and I hate it. I am returning it.I don’t like the quality of the picture or sound.  I wanted a good wireless camera as the wires for my doorbell are already in use and this is what they offered on multiple sites so I went with it uhm wth. Bad choiceAt night the outdoor light from 2 ft above distorts the whole camera view I have to take off the porch light to get a “okay” view.Picks up every motion … it’s fall leaves are falling also a delayed response and notification. Wow really wanted to like this product will most likely buy the ring camera.
A great video doorbell for the price. It may not be or have the high-quality video and advanced features as some of the other competitors in the market but it does the job well.  Plus, I decided to get the blink doorbell since my home has many blink cameras (indoor and outdoor).  The price seems right but it did not include a corner or wedge mount -- that will cost you an additional 13 dollars or 8 if you get it on sale. Given that the corner or wedge are essential parts for doorbells that are to the side of the door, I thought this was an oversight by blink to include it since for pennies for the dollar they could have included these parts. The video quality is good during the day it has a bit of trouble dealing with the front when the sun is out. The night video is ok (grainy but it works).
I agree with the other reviewers who struggled with the mount.  The camera and microphone work great and it was very easy to connect it to my existing Blink account and sync module--works well on my phone and my Alexa Show. The ONLY problem is the mount---I watched the video, followed the directions and tried my best to get it to work with my vinyl siding--no problem connecting the back piece to the siding but I couldn't get the camera/doorbell part to connect to the backpiece.  The only way I could finally use it was to connect the back piece to the unit before mounting, and then use heavy duty double sided mounting tape to connect it to my outer glass door frame. It works, but heaven knows if I'll be able to take it apart when I need to replace the batteries!  Maybe they'll have the problem fixed by the time I need to service it, and I can just get a new one!  Fortunately the price was reasonable.
